The Segamore
If you want to breath in second hand smoke from either tobacco or marijuana move into the Sagamore. Smoke gets into your apartment from neighbors that smoke and you have to "deal with it". Very noisy street and shady area in adjacent buildings. A real disappointment. The staff is friendly but ultimately cannot keep up with the modest requests made of them. The management office is aloof and unresponsive. The gym equipment is very dated. I would encourage you to visit any number of other buildings to see how they are managed.Management quality and thier services have deteriorated since they changed the team. This building does not deserve to be managed by a bunch of 20-somethings, maybe at most 30 years old people. They should have brought some mature, experienced people on board, who know how to handle tenant's issues and complaints. These people just sit there and talk with their teen-ager English (like, like) and expect the tenants to be happy with the lousy service they provide and get very upset when they get a complaint (very slow to resolve). Apartments are tiny and they charge and arm and a leg for that! Maybe it is called the UWS but definitely not the best block. I am very dissatisfied and I will be moving out as soon as possible. The apartment building itself is very nice. However, the area around the apartment seems to be getting worse every day. The building is surrounded by public housing. Not only was someone shot in the chest almost right in front of the building a few months ago, as I sit here right now, police are outside investigaing what seems like it might have been a robbery. The "candy store" across the street has a steady flow of very sketchy people going in and out all day and night. You will be awakened by people screaming at each other and sirens (many floors below your window!) on a regular basis. The building itself is great, but for the sketchy area surrounding the building, we should be paying about 1/2 of what we're paying in rent. PS--It is also very obvious that the staff has been writing good reviews about the building. There aren't enough apartments for 5 people to have spontaneously written great reviews of the building all on one day! Beware! It's no longer a luxury building since it was sold by previous owner. If not for terrible neighbors, we would be very happy here. The staff is lovely, the location is perfect, but the neighbors are loud and inconsiderate and the owners do not seem to care if we are unhappy. I have had a good experience. I like the building and the community. I think there are too many dogs though. This is not a good building to live in. The management has bad attitude and the tenants are aloof. The maintenance could also be very ineffective. 
RiverEast
Have been in building for over one year on two year lease. Elevator service is atrocious, two elevators (no service/freight elevator), has consistently been shoddy at best. Unless you want to pay for concierge (desk attendant, not doorman) and elevator price for reality of walk-up, think twice. Alternative down the street with three elevators and freight is Brittany, was there prior to moving to RiverEast. Below is example of message I was greeted with this morning (12/1/18) prior to attempting to go stock up on food. Rumors has it that one of the two elevators will be completely replaced and offline for 4 - 6 weeks next month (January 2019), so be sure to enquire about that if you are doing walk through. Average building, nothing special, laundry in the unit is a   plus.  Staff is average, some nicer and more helpful   than others.  Previous building, also a Rose  Building was much, much better and more friendly and helpful. Apartment is fairly mediocre. The building staff are nice enough but some severe maintenance problems were not dealt with quickly. For instance, my faucet was discharging black water. And I came back from a trip to find that my apartment had been flooded, but no one had turned on a fan to dry out the apartment.
The Cole Apartment
Doormen & Maintenance staff are great. Property manager, & investment firm that owns the property (Carmel Partners) do not care about current residents and keeping them. They rely on an algorithm to determine new lease terms and are unwilling to negotiate. I moved in last Summer with the understanding that the lease renewal wouldn't be a huge increase, but now will be moving out due to the latter. The investment firm mandated at the top of 2019: all lease re-newels would be based on an algorithm which calculates the size of the apartment, current building occupancy and projected demand at the end of the lease - and most importantly, no negotiating with residents. I've been living in NYC for nearly 10 years and this is the first time I've heard of a building & management not caring about keeping good current residents with the unwillingness to negotiate. Even the property manager said the same - this is the first property he has worked for with such practices. They are completely out of touch with how to treat their current residents and are more concerned with higher net revenue year over year. I highly suggest against renting The Cole Apartments. While I like my apartment, I do not enjoy the building as a whole. Management is lacking in communication. New doormen come and no one knows what happened to the people before or who these new people are. Nor do they know us! When the elevators are down or the gym door is broken, no one lets you know and no one lets you know when they're fixed. It takes an email - that's all! *WARNING* Do not live here. I promise you will regret it! The short time I lived in this place was pure and absolute torture. So much noise, so much construction, everything breaks, leaks and you will have construction workers in your apartment ALL the time - and they will enter your apartment when you're not there & will never tell you. If something breaks-they don't care and it will take weeks or months to fix. Living in this building will make you completely miserable. You've been warned. Overpriced apartment considering the size. Management is very unresponsive. You will experience many water and heat shutdowns throughout the year as well as loud construction day in and day out. I recommend not moving here. We are trying to get out of our lease asap. As many people have already commented, I will not beat a dead horse, but the Rose Management company have not met any targeted deadlines for balcony repairs, washer/dryer install in units and overall repairs. They have drastically increased rent, tons of turnover for apartment employees from the porters to the super, they cut costs wherever they can i.e. no AC throughout the building, the trash rooms and laundry rooms are filthy and there is construction even on the weekends. The management made tons of promises, and have yet to deliver with any deadline. With all the negative feedback from the tenants, the management company just changed the apartment name to The Cole without any notice to any tenants, just to hide all this negative feedback. This building and management is a joke. DO NOT MOVE HERE! RENT IS TOO HIGH AND THE BUILDING IS IN BAD SHAPE! RODENTS, SLOW TO REPAIR, ETC. Much more value on UES! This building was recently acquired. Previously, the building was rated 4 or 5 stars in nearly every category below. The building was not well-built initially, but it was feasible for our needs given how nice the owners and building staff treated tenets. The building was great for young adults (30's) and young families. They made repairs the same day as requested. If there was ever a rodent or pest problem, they took care of it immediately and also made sure the problem was taken care of long-term. You would have thought the owners lived here themselves (they didn't). However, the new owners are working diligently to squeeze money out of renters and save costs by cutting the quality of services they provide. We have had rodents and roaches - the building has done NOTHING to get rid of them! We have requested repairs for months - nothing was done! The construction to update the building and apartments is welcomed (!!!), but the owners do not care if the tenants suffer during this process (they are clearly looking to flip the building -- READ: CHEAP REPAIRS...for SHOW?!?!?!) Even the people that manage the building are not kind human beings. EVERYTHING that made this building great in the past has gone! What once made it feasible, no longer exists. In fact, the current tenants of The Electra have started an email chain to discuss how BAD the building and its new owners are! MANY that were here since the building was erected are now leaving. CONCLUSION: RUN, DON'T WALK FROM THE ELECTRA! This is a very flimsy building! Horribly constructed! Many aspects not built to code -From illegal apartments to non-compliant, hazard fire doors throughout entire building faulty balcony construction, a building ventilation system that doesn't work. JACK HAMMERS are going from 8:30 - 5, M-F to fix all balconies and rip up floors in 168 apartment units for gut renovations. There are only 2 elevators and 120 construction workers are using 1 of them from 8-6 PM. That means LONG WAIT FOR ELEVATOR. Ownership is getting top dollar for rents while misrepresenting the scope of the noise and construction. They initially offered us an insulting $100 off our rent for 3-5 months to shut us up. Tenants cannot occupy apartments during the day! What a joke! The owner, Carmel Partners, only intention is to raise rents to the maximum market limits. They do not care about the tenants. RUN, walk! You do not want to be anywhere near this building for the next year or two. And even after the construction has been completed, ownership has demonstrated they only care about King Dollar and not their tenants. The building was previously owned and operated by a family that cared about its tenants. We lived there for 10 years. We moved out after the new ownership. They are horrendous. We would have otherwise stayed. The new owners have no care for their tenants or the quality of life of their customers. We actually applaud their eagerness to improve the building. However, they are doing it at the expense of existing tenants (without any restitution) AND they are doing a poor job in those renovations (I have been back to the building many times to visit friends. I also have experience in residential real estate (apt buildings), so I have a real understanding of quality, etc.). The building with be a cheaply built and super overpriced property when it's done, in my estimatation. Furthermore, the new owners have fired numerous doormen over the past 2 years. The previous doormen knew the neighborhood and, more importantly, cared about the tenants. We knew them and their families by name. They were all extremely helpful and caring. They also were protective and thought of safety and security first. However, the new owners have systematically fired them one by one. I also understand that they fired at least one unjustly (we have directed this individual to an attorney so he may sue the new owners. He was discriminated against in our view). There are others too. My summary: unless the new owners change their ways and start respecting their tenants, I would highly recommend looking elsewhere to live. The building is too expensive and not in an ideal neighborhood (projects kitty corner from the building, not close to subway, noisy, etc.) for the rent levels. It made sense 3 years ago, but not today and with these owners a day rents. HORRIBLE!!!!! This is what the tenants have been forced to live with for the past 8months, without so much a a free month to make up for the damages they have caused. å¤ Lack of use of the balconies for an extensive period of time. Expected completion is 3 to 6 months but based on previous experiences (lobby is already 8+ month) we expect an extended timeline. å¤ Obstructed views and lack of privacy due to scaffolding and prospective netting. å¤ Inconsistent and evolving construction timelines with a lack of clear communication. å¤ Serious decrease in elevator service due to use by construction workers during the day and malfunctions. å¤ Lack of security due to doorman turnover and ineffective buzzer system. å¤ Disruptive water service and plumbing å¤ Excessive noise and dust through the construction process which has caused health issues. å¤ Unattractive and unwelcoming lobby appearance. å¤ Lack of amenities and lack of an accessible storage space during the balconies renovations. It could be a nice building but due to ongoing renovations and lack of Management concerns for tenants, this building is a terrible place to live and renovations could last for another 12 months or so. This affects deeply the quality of life in the building with really slow elevator service (we can wait up to 15 minutes for a lift), water disruption service, no access to our private balconies, no courtyard access, loud noise from renovations of apartments and hallways, unwelcoming lobby and lack of security with high doorman turnover and holes in doorman shifts. Soon a net will cover the whole building, obstructing the views already stained by scaffoldings. This building, supposedly luxury is a no go! This building is an absolute disaster! Please do yourself a favor and do NOT move in! I cannot wait until our lease is up and we can move out. The renovations have bee going on for one year now, and have caused us to have to wait over 10 minutes For the elevator because the construction workers use both elevators all day long, water gets turned off all the time, we no longer have access to our courtyard or to our balconies, it is loud all day long, the scaffolding now extends around the whole building, the lobby is a complete mess and dirty, the doormen seem to be new every day and there are prolonged periods of time late at night and early in the Morning when the doors to the building are wide open but the doorman is no where to be found. And somehow, our rent was raised drastically this year to add insult to injury. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. The building is going through major renovations. It is being poorly handled and the ownership is a group of investors that are more concerned with their profits than the living conditions and quality of life of the residents. They provide misleading information and are doing everything they can to extract money from tenants. You can't trust them because they don't care about the people who live at the building. Carmel partners are based in California and know nothing about the nyc real estate market, how to treat people with dignity or manage a project. It is a frustrating and horrible experience. Spare yourself the pain and live somewhere else. This is a prime example of a group of bankers working to make a buck and not care about how. It really is a group of ruthless and thoughtless people. Don't trust them and stay away. There are plenty of other good options. I can't agree more with the other posts. This company is a disaster, they are impossible to deal with, and will drive anyone crazy. I am a resident at 91st St, the Electra, and am extremely frustrated and disgusted by the level of noise, construction, and total disregard for residents. 6 months of construction which has included the lobby completely torn up, hammering and jackhammering noise on all floors, an unsightly dumpster in front of the building, and now they are constructing scaffolding and renovating residents balconies. Removing access to private balconies is a total disregard for residents. Bikes, grills, patio furniture all supposed to go in my apt? Their answer is a shed in the courtyard to leave your stuff during the project (the courtyard is another resident area taken away) Guess what I might want to have access to my bike at some point this summer and spring. There are renovations going on that are not appropriate for a building that is currently occupied. This is heavy construction work, and the best is all projects are being done at once. Why? To maximize profit when it's done. The lobby is half done, apts are half done, scaffolding half done. This company is running this building like a business with no regard that these are people's homes and removing rights. There have been multiple complete water shut offs from 10am-4pm . All day, no shower, no toilet, no dishwasher or laundry. This is not a 3rd world country yet we are expected to just continue to accept more and more. Rents go up tho, and at astronomical rent increases. Complaints go unanswered and when they do, there is a general attitude towards all inquiries. Like we are just to accept and have no problem with any of this. I'm sure they will claim this is being done "within the good interests of residents" and for required maintenance. That is BS. This was not a building in need of renovation. This is being done in the name of corporate greed. To drive out current residents and maximize rents for new tenants. Anyone looking for an apartment do not rent anything from Rose. Tell your friends and family the same. Any enemies, sign them up as they will be subject to a complete invasion of rights and a disregard for anything but their $$$. I can't wait for Rose to comment on my post, claiming that this is being done in a positive way and that they are very concerned about residents at the Electra. All lies. DO NOT DEAL WITH THIS COMPANY!!  The Electra is a complete and utter disaster. Anyone looking for an apartment do yourself a favor and don't rent here...don't even stop by and look here. Unless your a glutton for construction and renovation punishment like Tom Hanks in Money Pit. Upon signing a lease last year, the Electra looked to be a very nice building however the management company changed to Rose halfway through the year and thats when the fun began. Massive and endless construction that seems unnecessary and makes no sense began. Lobby devastated, courtyard under construction. All day noise and drilling - too bad for the people that work at home or have children. Construction workers, tools, scaffolding, etc. Meanwhile the elevators, which there are only 2 of, are constantly broken and are bogged down all day by construction crews. Late for work?-add another 10 minutes to wait for the elevator. How about using some of this construction manpower to actually fix what is broken instead leaving residents completely disgusted and frustrated with the work. Now the one thing this apt still had going, the balconies, are now getting renovated. Nice timing with spring and summer coming. Perhaps this can all be a little easier if any of this was mentioned at the lease agreement instead of zero notification . Just more signs posted everyday of more work coming. Basically this place is biggest rip in the city. Specifically the management company absolutely sucks. Rose associates is on that island time. Phonecall or email might get acknowledged next week however the billing mistakes on rent invoices, astronomical rent increases and various other F-U's to tenants, you get those immediately. Check out other reviews to see I am not the only one DO NOT RENT HERE the noise level and attitude are out of control. Once upon a time, this was a very nice building to live but now days its feel like construction zone. So much of noise, elevators do not work, rude staff, exponential rent hikes. The noise level are extreme from so called renovation, this is been going on since 6 months, though they are in day time but its too frequent and loud. Water shutdown under the name of maintenance is very often. One elevator is engaged for construction purpose and second one is broken half the time. If you have to leave for your work or so, just add 5-10 extra minutes for getting hold of elevator. Management stuff is rude, if you tell them about noise issue, they have a standard answer. Basically they do not care about inconvenience caused, they are interested in getting these apartments renovated. As building is not rent controlled, they are increasing rents arbitrary (8-20%). If you are living in non-renovated apartment they will increase by 20-25% so you have to leave. I would not recommend this place to anyone, do not waste your money on this place. Its not worth a single penny/dollar. I was a tenant at the building for four years when it was with its original owner. The building was a decent value for money with nice doormen, and not so good maintenance staff. I left the building just before it was sold to the new owner. The new owner is a crook. I haven't received my deposit. According to the NYC law new owner is responsible for the deposits. When I called then I was rudely told that deposit wasn't the responsibility of the new owner. The Electra went recently through various Management companies since it was sold and purchased through the new owners CP III ELECTRA LLC Do not go there, as it is a trap. Recently, the Management company was changed to ROSE ASSOCIATES. While having titles such as " Community Manager", the Rose Associates representatives are rather rude and at the first renewal will provide you with actual lease increases of 12 to 18% based on a 1 year and 2 year renewal and that is after renewing a lease last year with an 11% increase. The previous company Coopers Square also prepared the same type of surprise for most tenants. In our case, a family, they refuse to negotiate to a more acceptable path of increase as an 18% increase of your rent after experiencing 11% the previous year is not exactly what one anticipates particularly since you will be bothered by cosmetic changes noisy work they are making to many apartments and resulting frequent water cut off, 2 in the last 4 weeks for many hours in a single day. There is no "Community" consideration just pure brutal commercialism by ROSE ASSOCIATES and a brutal behavior on the part of ROSE ASSOCIATES personnel assigned to the building which will brutally provide you with astronomical rent increases while already a 3 year tenant that went through an 11% increase the previous year. Dogs are left to behave poorly. On our floor a pit bull roams with no leash when the tenant goes to the laundry rooms or other dogs regularly bark, but the building seems more amenable to dogs than human beings. I have lived in the electra for 3 years - now with the new management, they are increasing rents for loyal tenants to > $800-$1500/month, forcing a great majority to relocate. These apartments are not worth the money they are trying to charge. No one should want to move into a building where the management has such crazy fluctuations in the rent increases. I dont even understand how this robbery is legal. Do yourself a favor and do not waste your time moving here. I lived at the Electra when it was first opened. The construction had several questionable features, like.. WHY are ALL the electrical outlets in the building UPSIDE DOWN??? And WHAT is that little "ridge" on the floor that extends about 5" from every outer wall? Answer: that ridge is because the beams used in construction didnt match the level of the floors. The building had many cool things about it, but that was before the crane collapsed into it. Yes, it was a LONNNG walk to the subway, but that's why it was priced the way it was. Reading the reviews, I'm glad I left. Sounds like a real hellhole now. My ratings for this building apply ONLY to when I lived there, not lately. We have lived in the Electra for two years and have found the living conditions to be seriously deteriorating. The building was bought recently and is now managed by Cooper Square - they are terrible. Our stove hasn't worked in months and they have failed to respond. Cooper Square fired all the doormen when they took over and raised rents by 20 percent. There is no respect for the tenants at all. On top of that, the building is a long walk from the subway and be prepared to have your bedroom shake if you are on first ave (the windows are not thick). It is unfortunate that new management is destroying this building. whatever you do, do not sign a lease if apartment is still occupied. Only review apartment empty and cleaned. make sure you check out all details. I have MOLD, A mouse found its way in, they did not clean, nor paint it. when reported, super started retaliation, which include shutting off hot water. doormen are nice. The rest are incompetent. Serious problems related to the construction/engineering of the building that seriously affect tenants. You will be sorry. Management is lacking. Super is a polish mafia type who extort money just to do his job. he is bff with building owner so no way to stop this practice. at move in nothing works properly, so you have to call the super and pay him. otherwise you are screwed. if you do not pay him, there is a lot of retaliation and it becomes miserable. The apts facing 1st Ave have a lot of noise, especially between 5-6 AM when the delivery trucks are speeding up the Avenue. The building was pretty great, and now, it is pretty awful. It's not the fault of the building that a crane fell on it, but it is the fault of the building as to how crapppy we were treated as a result. After we were thrown into the streets and offered no hotels (other buildins in nyc have done that courttesy), we have been subjected to jack hammering noises, elevators controlled by workers repairing the smashed apt's, and BS like painting the outside of the new doors so it looks good for possible renters, while it's crap, unpainted gray on the inside. They offered no rent discounts to tenants, and all boxes are leaving from expired lease holders, no boxes are being moved in. The Electra (buildings management) could have salvaged their relationship by taking care of their tenants issues, i have no sympathy for them as THEY lose one tenant after another....they deserve it. We are OUT as soon as the lease expires (oh yeah, the buildings attorney threatened current residents who wanted to break their lease after the crane fell)....says it all. DON'T RENT HERE FOR AT LEAST A YEAR!!!! Non carpeted hallways make for people stomping thru the corridors making a great deal of unwanted noise .The tenants seem to not mind slamming doors at any given opportunity , and the buildings' management do not seem to mind when pet owners let their pets go to the toilet directly oustide the front door of the building. some of the door staff are excellent and very helpful , there are 1 or 2 who are more like couch potatoes tho.... i think that the building should put some work into getting carpets in the hallways to quieten down the noise , and stop renting to under 30's who share . But i guess if you are looking for normandie court 2 , then this is it .
2130 Adam Clayton Powell Blvd
A water pipe in this new building did burst in warm weather. The ensuing reconstruction was poorly handled by management-no hotel accommodation was offered during toxic repair work. We had no gas for 6 weeks over thanksgiving last year. No rent reduction for that either. The concierge staff is TERRIBLE. They do not open doors when we are standing in front, when we have bags in our hand, when we are rolling luggage. They do not hail cabs. What is the purpose. I now live in a virtual doorman bldg that does more thant. 
One Carnegie Hill
Avoid this apartment! Building management is not responsive to maintenance problems. The elevator has been out of service for over one month, and was out of service for a three week stretch earlier this year. Management has done nothing to fix the problem!
The Melar
The people that work here have no heart for what they are doing. They have become much lazier over time. They don't give the happy feel of a home anymore. They don't open the door very much when my hands are full. They are not as up to par as they used to be. My wife and I are very happy with everything at the Melar, everything except the rent. When we moved in, in October 2015, the rent was $6300. Now it's $7095. If it goes up at the end of our lease in Oct. 2017, we may be forced to move and that would be a shame, because it isn't easy to move at our age (84 and 85). What makes this place so special is the staff. Everyone, from the manger to the porters, doormen and maintenance people, are professional, courteous and just a pleasure to deal with. We hope we won't be forced to find something less costly. 
Parc Cameron
SIMPLY PUT... I'VE NEVER SEEN SO MANY COCKROACHES IN MY LIFE. SOME ARE SO BIG ITS LIKE THEY JUST CAME OUT OF THE JUNGLE. SIZE OF A FIST. THE BUILDING DOESNT CARE ABOUT THE PROBLEM. IT'S BEEN THIS WAY FOR A LONG TIME. EQUITY RESIDENTIAL IS A JOKE. PARK CAMERON IS CLOSER TO THE PROJECTS THEN A LUXURY BUILDING. I would definitely not recommend this building. Pretty serious problem with mice that they refuse to do anything about and I've seen several roaches coming out the cracks in the bathroom walls. The first day I moved in I had broken floors that I complained to the super about. He stopped by, took a look and said "hmm it might take a bit but we'll get them fixed" that was 9 months ago. The neighborhood is pretty quiet and safe but one HUGE drawback for me has been the dogs. There are dogs all over the city but there's something extra special about this particular block of 86th street between CPW and Columbus. The entire street smells worse then a public bathroom, it's simply vile. I just got their lease renewal and my rent went up from $1755 (1 free month factored in, $1915 monthly) to $2171 a month!!! For a 330sq studio with the smallest kitchen in the world? No thanks. So needless to say, I'm moving out. This building has a decent size problem with mice. They get into several of the floors and they are not great about getting rid of them. I cannot recommend the building based on that. I wish I could, b/c it has some nice elements to it, but if you can't sleep and have to live with mice, it's not worth a hill of beans. I rented the studio an moved in on Saturday February 6th 2010. What a surprise. Although the apartment was completely renovated they did not notice few things: 1. Heating unit was broken and did not have heat that weekend. 2. The window was leaking cold air. I had to place plastic bag over it to prevent cold air to leak into apartment without heat. 3. The old toilette seat was still there. The heating unit and toilette seat were fixed on Monday 02/08/10. Today is March 1st and I was informed that window should be replaced on Wednesday, March 3rd. This is becoming unnecessarily annoying experience. I would never imagine that for $1600 that I am paying for a studio here I would have to complain about heat, window or old toilette seat.
The Highgate
One of the worst experiences I have had living in an apartment. The noise is unbearable; walls are thin, residents are rude. However, the staff in the building will always do their best to help you despite all these troubles. Management will hire contractors who will drag on the work for ages. You will only get a "sorry email" but nothing will ever improve here.We were forced to move out of this building due to the prevalence of bed bugs. More bed bugs than anyone ever thought possible quite frankly. Management seemed unconcerned with the issue, despite the fact that everyone in the building is always talking about the bed bug problem. The problem persisted for a very long period of time and eventually became unbearable. Nice door staff and maintenance crews. Elevators can be a little iffy and only one goes down to the laundry room. There has also been a huge influx of young parents with strollers so it's better to time your mornings earlier so that you don't end up waiting for 2 elevators in a row. Laundry room can also get very crowded now, even though new machines have been installed. Some of the residents can be really nice. Some are in their own bubble. I guess that's Manhattan. Apartments tend to be a little smaller than other buildings but it's still a little more affordable than apartments further south. Apartments are also usually quiet unless you have a noisy neighbor across the hall. Hallways can be narrow. Doors seem to be lower in height than many apartments on the east side. The apartment was spotless when we first moved in. New appliances. Bathroom could use a renovation, but at least it works! Building is OK but maintenance is spotty and if you are a professional, this is more like a dorm versus a quiet living space (e.g., drunk kids just out of college strolling in all the time and making tons of noise). You can find a better deal and building by avoiding those managed by Milford Management. They also suck you in with a decent rent and then hit you with a massive increase in year two.
The Montana
The super and handy men were good but the door men especially Max is extremely rude. I am not sure how he is given a job where has to deal with tenants on daily basis. Property is clean and has amenities. Friendly staff. Richi the super is very helpful. Evening and night doormen often forget to tell you that you have a package or dry cleaning or a note waiting for you. Item could sit for days until day doorman Joseph spots you and tells you. Tenants on my floor are very loud. Always slamming there door. Most unpleasant thing about the building is the laundry room. All 5 LG washers are filled with mold! The stench is unbearable when you open the door. You can see the mold caked around the rubber inside the doors and the detergent/softner drawer. It can be assumed that the mold is throughout all the hoses internally. Also, on any given day 3 of the 5 washers are malfunctioning or completely broken. There is rust inside the dryers that rubs off onto light colored clothes. Despite complaints, the laundry room remains the same, moldy facility. Unless you can rent an apartment here that has its own washer/dryer, you should look for another building to live in. Oh I forgot to mention the pool. It is always filled with children. Never a good time for adults to have a relaxing swim. Overall the building is a big disappointment. Probably the worst rental building in the UWS. Lobby is gross, smelly and dirty. Poor quality of everything, from windows to closets, to elevators, to gym, to.... Management absolutely untrustworthy. Decent size apartments, these the only good thing I can say about The Montana. Extremely poorly constructed, so you will hear every noise from the street, even a little wind sounds like if you are in the center of an hurricane. The building maintenance literally does not exit. Lobby, hallways, elevators, everything is so dirty and old that it is impossible to believe. The management is only worried about making money. They lie they are rude and never helpful. I am not exaggerating. I regretted moving here from the very first week. Looking forward to move out from here. Decent building but the door man are not helpful. Keeping the service to a minimum. The management company will automatically raise your rent when your lease is up to the maximum. They will also try to find every way possible to take away your deposit when leaving the building. the building is gross, we fist moved in to a newly renovated unit in 2009. found it to be roach infested and later mice. I could not believe this and wanted to move out. i would have never expected it, but the building management does not give a rats ---, no pond intended. on the other hand, the new super and handy man and very competent and helpful. i know it was not their fault, but clearly they only deal with issues when a complaint is made not before. i think the reason this building is so full is bc its full of heshel people, which I understand to be moving soon. my guess is that the move will really put a heart on the "don't give a ----" attitude of the owners. oh, and the laundry room is in disarray, machines broken not enough dryers - just awful. A great layout with a lot of space is the main advantage of the three BR dining room apartment that my family lived in at the Montana. It served as a 3 BR office, with a dining area within a spacious living room area. Views are great. Noise from the street was annoying even above the 15th floor. Wind would whistle through the windows. Heat from hot air blowers was dry, uncomfortable, and uneven. The swimming pool was a nice amenity for those few times we used it; as was the gym, which should have been cleaned and maintained better and more often. The house staff was nice enough but lazy and stupid, led by a superintendent from hell. The building's owner, Lloyd Goldman, of the family that owns a piece of the World Trade Center, is rapacious in its greed. Walls are thin. Parking is adequate. Don't expect finishes or charm or nice appliances. It's major strength: a lot of space and a nice layout separating the living room area from the bedrooms. 2.5 baths. Concierge staff is friendly but not too eager to please. Maintenance staff are hard to find and don't tell you what theyve done. 
The Wimbledon
While the doormen and maintenance staff are terrific - the Wimbledon is a construction site. The roof deck was out of service forever, the gym was recently under renovation, and the building has been without gas for almost a month! For a luxury building with high rent, to not have a working stove or oven since June is crazy! The neighborhood is great with easy access to restaurants, bars, and the subway. We moved into The Wimbledon in 2013 and initially truly loved the building! Unfortunately, the new management company Rose Associates has been horrible. First the good: Great location with circular driveway for loading/unloading (invaluable with kids), (new appliances/nice bathrooms), wonderful doormen/super/maintenance staff. The bad: Endless construction on the roof deck with scaffolding and noise. It has now taken over a year to "renovate" though it was perfectly nice and functional prior. Minimal communication from the management in regards to construction timelines and no rent deduction for loss of use of this amenity. The gym is filthy with barely functional machines. Management does not care of their tenants and is reflected by large turnover and apartment availability. Do yourself a favor and rent elsewhere. For the outrageous high rent they charge, this is not a luxury building. We are still living at Wimbledon as our lease ends in 2 months. I love the building- the location, the doormen are amazing, genuine people and though it's a large building, I tend to run into the same people and it feels like a little community. However, I do want to warn you about noise, only if you are home during the day. There is drilling that begins right across the street at 7am and lasts usually until 5pm. Though we are on a high floor, the noise is unbearable. The building is undergoing renovations on their rooftop, so the higher floors will experience drilling, hammering etc. It is so incredibly loud that I had to ask if they were remodeling the unit right above us. If you are gone all day, the noise won't be an issue. However, if you have babies or toddlers as I do, stay away until their lovely rooftop is finished. If you or the nanny stay at home during the day, the noise will drive you insane. Also, the construction usually causes elevators to be jammed up and I have often waited 15 minutes for the elevator to pick us up. I know there are many homeless people in NYC, but the intersection we are located tends to attract many homeless people as there are benches right in front of the building. The building is also next to a pet store/doggy day care which is great since I can drop off my dog easily, but it does make the sidewalks smell strongly of dog pee every single day- esp terrible during the summer. Where do I start? First, I don't typically write reviews (this is in fact, my first) but I feel as if I owe it to potential renters as finding an apartment is a big decision - it's your home after all and many of the past reviews are no longer accurate. My boyfriend and I lived at the Wimbledon for a little more than two years. Over the course of those two years we had quite a few issues - including our next door neighbors (3 adults in a studio apartment) who were constantly screaming and yelling at one another. Everyone on the floor could hear it and even when I got in the elevator in the morning, people would comment. After repeatedly complaining to management and being told there was nothing they could do - they actually told me to call the cops - I did call the police, who came and told me clearly there were unstable tenants in the apartment and they would be adding them to a list for random "checks." Not a good situation for anyone, but when you're paying thousands of dollars a month for a premium apartment, it's even more frustrating (not to mention a little scary). They also raise rent a crazy amount each year, which is not unheard of in NYC, but when you have noisy neighbors it is absurd. Our first year the Wimbledon did not give us a lease renewal until three weeks before our lease was up and the only reason they finally gave it to us is because I took it upon myself to call corporate repeatedly until someone answered (a lack of response was the story of my life while living there). Over the course of our two years there, they raised the rent over $1,000/month (with our negotiating) and it wasn't just us - many neighbors saw that increase year-over-year causing a huge turnover rate. Of course it seemed as though everyone on our floor moved out - except the neighbors next door. I will not bore you with the details of the last few months at the Wimbledon but let's just say we were extremely disappointed in the management team - Marie, Angela and Vincent - and it solidified that we would not only live there any longer, but we would strongly advise any friends or colleagues NOT to live there. On top of that? They couldn't even return our security deposit on time (within the 60 day window) and I had to hound them to get it back. If you don't care about not getting your security deposit back for months, then it's not an issue, but I personally don't like when someone else is holding on to almost $5,000 of my money. The saving grace of this building is the doormen and on-site workers. Bob, Rodrigo and Carlos consistently went above and beyond and we would not have lived there for longer than a year if it weren't for them. Overall: there are just as nice (or nice) buildings in the area that will not cause you a headache or to get upset the way the Wimbledon consistently managed to do while we were living there. Stay away if you can. 
The Balton
Poor management. Common areas are not kept up. Management staff is rude and unprofessional. They changed the locks without notice during a holiday and didn't provide access to new keys. Several tenants were locked out over Thanksgiving. Poor communication. No sense of customer wellbeing and community. Front desk management does not seem to care about the community.(Rosemary). There is no sense of urgency with building maintenance. Very poor communication between office and residence. E.g online payment implantation was a complete failure. Poor communication. Poor software. Great building with tons of amenities, yet the building has too many problems. No front desk security in a dangerous neighborhood. Many homeless sleeping in lobby. Outside of windows never get cleaned. Excessive/ unbearable heat in the hallways 24/7/365. I was paying much less rent before moving to Balton, so I was wondering whether I should sign the lease or not. So I asked regarding apartment inspection. They told me that no apartment inspection in Balton. Then, I decided to sign the lease because my previous place had inspection twice a year. However, after I moved in Balton, I found out that they simply lied to me to get in me. At that time, they had a lot of vacancies and they wanted to rent ASAP. I was looking to upgrade my life even I would pay much more rent as NHOP(not affodable) resident. Since Balton is HDC sponsored apartment, I did not imagine that they would lie the material fact like some brokers in NYC. So all I want to tell the apartment seekers, please be careful. The front desk staff is the best staff member. Very responsive and very helpful. Everyone else in the office is just focused on rental management. I've seen so much turn over I don't even know who works there anymore. I don't like the fact that I don't feel close to anyone in the rental office. I also feel like I'm always ready to be billed if I come near to violating the guest limit in the common space. There is not much common area so why limit how much people can enjoy their own home. I can understand during the holidays or weekends but during the week should be open to anyone who wants to have fun for a few hours with friends or family. It should be 10 guest per household. Or 5 per tenant. Nothing. To add. All good the management is great the maintenance team is great. I like the amenities. Just management team Shiism be more careful with people who don't take care of the Bulding. Some of the tenants don't care about the Bulding. My experience since moving in has been generally positive. Sometimes, however, I feel that the children are too loud when they play and run around in the courtyard, and it makes my enjoyment of my apartment far less peaceful. If parents are made aware that noise magnifies as it travels up the building, it would be great. Elevator dirty. Building Not cleaned enough. Not a functional gym, not functional laundry, carpet dirty. Smells food in the corridors. The washers machines always out of service as well as dryers.............. Its a brand new building it use to be a good but the staff they have know is no good for business it quality of management in the leasing office has went down .There needs to be a new leasing/proberty management in this building and the rules of the building needs to be inforced. The building is not bad. It is just the area and given that there is no 24 hrs front desk, safty is the biggest issue, other than that it is fine. Staff need a little bit more training, people are friendly, and area is close to the train. Overall it is a 3. Beautiful building. Response time to emergencies is really, really BAD. Elevator out for weeks. Air conditioning on and off for months. Front door bell system doesn't work for weeks at a time. As I write this review the locks on the laundry room and tenant storage have not worked in over a month. No on at front desk during days so people can walk in behind residents. The lack of security is a big problem for me since we live in neighborhood in transition. General maintenance is okay but not great. Going down hill. A hugh problem is security in the building. When I moved in, they advertised that they were 24 hrs front desk but this is not true. Front desk service is only between 6pm -2:30am 5 days a week which is essentially almost having no front desk. Packages sit at the front desk on the weekends exposed to anyone because there is no concierge service in the morning.They have been 2 robberies in the building and people from outside are able to come into the building and use the facilities like the gym. Management tries to keep the place clean and overall I have no complain about the maintenance. I like the convenience of the train station close by and the variety of restaurants in the area. The management team is average and sometimes not very professional. People in the building are friendly and appears to care about each other. In my opinion, the Balton is worth at least $200 less than what they are charging because of the security issue and given that the building operates like a regular apartment building in Harlem. I choose to stay here for a few conveniences so it depends on the situation. Good luck with your apartment search.
Douglass Park
I've been living here since the building was first being rented out. Overtime with new landlords and supers the building is dirty, mice and roaches are everywhere. The super rarely does his job but gossips. I always see one worker in the morning older Spanish guy that does everything he can to clean up while the other super does nothing. I also can't even sit in my own lobby with my company without being told I have to leave. While others can with no problem (casually chilling not disturbing anyone )It's annoying i can't be comfortable in my own building. Building was amazing when I first moved in. No rodents or bugs. Now there is a mice infestation & roaches. Rugs are disgusting throughout the building. Roaches and mice can be found in some incinerator rooms. Building changed a lot with so many landlords and supers being switched around.Good in the beginning but rapidly declining. The building is increasingly unkempt, the carpet in the halls are nasty (stained, frayed and soiled) and falling apart. The halls haven't been painted recently. I awaited a date for my apartment to be painted for over a year. The Laundry services are frequently out of order and the price is often changed without notice. Management tends to be bottom line oriented and does not respond well to criticism. I have been living in the building since the building opened. The building was really nice in the beginning. The building has gone down. Teenage hanging out in the lobby at all times of the night, the new super doesn't clean the building and he has an attitude, the super has outside people mopping the lobby floor sometimes, I like the old supers they actually clean the building, the leasing office is never open, they make it hard for you to pay your rent, the leasing office never provides rent statements, they closed off all of the rent drop off boxes and want you to pay online but never provides the information to pay online, when call up the leasing office they have an attitude and lack of knowledge. They always want to enter your apartment for unnecessary inspections, the laundry room is overpriced at 3 dollars for machines that never work, and the building has a problem with mice. I can go on and on. Please do not move into this building. when I move in the build. was very good, now it getting to be just like new York city housing. that very very bad!!!! overall manager suck. for the build!!! I take zolpidem tartrate for sleep!! do to all the dogs, that we have in the build now. the lease when I move in said no pets. now we have more dogs . some 50-60 lb. you can go out of your apt. here a big dog. that is not on the lease. the lease said, douglass park is - pet free build!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ok. It was a beautiful place to leave in when it was first built. Management was nice and friendly and the super was amazing. Now I would not refer anyone to this rodent infested bldg. I have been trying to move for the last 3 yrs. Some people care about the community while others don't. Understandable we have a cleaning staff but they don't work 24hrs. So when you know you made a mess in your own building or your guest did, clean it. That's all to it. The laundry room is the too small and the machine always out of order. Overall the building is beautiful but some people just don't respect or care for where they live at. Which is sad. Management delays issues, service takes forever, management is not friendly. You can't have family gatherings in lounge, but the other side of the property can, it's feel like low income residents get treated differently. They also made me pay money that I did not owe them. The building is kept clean and it is quiet.
Columbus Square Luxury Apartments
I lived in this building for years. They have no loyalty to current tenants. The leasing office is full of rude, unprofessional individuals that have no control over the computer driven prices. They will routinely quote you new rents way above your current rent, only to rent your apt for less once they can't get anyone to bite. The noise is UNBEARABLE if you are on Columbus Ave. The traffic is clogged all day now that the bike lanes are in. Its so crowded you now pay midtown prices for meters despite being above 96 street (look it up)! The doormen are on their cell phones all day and only make an effort around Christmas. UDR is a terrible, terrible company. The only "community" they have build here is one where tenants commiserate about being stuck living in a building that doesn't care about its tenants.Very unprofessional leasing office, rude doorman, noisy building, lots of pets, do I need to go on? We had the 2pm appointment and came all the way from Brooklyn, and nobody was there. The doorman said the leasing office is closed, and we're a security threat to the building. We explained that we had the appointment, but he said we need to follow up with emails. We asked to talk to a manager or someone in charge, and he said it is only in case of fire or other security hazards! So they didn't even bother to apologize for messing up our appointment. Stay away! If they treat potential residents like this, I can't imagine how would they treat you when you become a resident. I have been living in a one bedroom apartment for a month now. The heater doesn't work properly and make a noise impossible to sleep. The management team keeps sending under qualified not specialized maintenance team to try to fix it, but still nothing changed. I keep asking for a professional specialist, but they keep trying to fix by their own and the result is a month not sleeping properly. I do not recommend this property. Unfriendly staff, incompetent management, poorly run, overpriced luxury building. Front desk/doormen hate their jobs and it shows, unclean common areas like the gym and pool, low quality maintenance of hallways, elevators. Pool is used as a major selling point to potential tenants, but leasing agents fail to tell them that the access to the pool is very restricted due to lessons given during most of the day to kids who don't even live in the building. Pool is managed by an outside group not related to the building. Super pricey compared to comparable buildings with nicer amenities and better run. In addition, that part of Columbus Ave is super loud thanks to the early morning delivery trucks for the retail businesses and increased traffic. The place is a lipstick on a pig joke. Not a great value for a top dollar building with a luxury of living next to the projects. they rent most apartments in 801 to tourists as a hotel for familys and they think the desk in the lobby is a concierge..The reviews speak volumes and they obviously at UDR don't really care. 808 Columbus Avenue or 808 Columbus Square is a horrible community to live in. They building management will lie to you straight to you face. The leasing directors will tell you whatever you want to hear just so you sign a lease. They will tell you the gym is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week---it is not. They will tell you that Laundry Machines work--they do not. And when you tell them the laundry machines don't work, they will tell you to call the laundry machine company directly (isn't that was building management is for?). They will claim to fix maintenance requests, but you'll come back to your apartment and see what nothing was fixed. When I saw my apartment with the leasing agent all my closets were full of shelves, back to the brim. When I moved in, all the shelves disappeared except 3 or 4 of them. When I confronted the building about this they denied that when I saw the apartment there were more shelves. Luckily I had taken a video of the apartment when I saw it with the leasing agent, and he was in the video as well. The video showed all the closets with all the shelves. Then they agreed to put the shelves back. But even then, they came dirty and with coffee rings on them. It's just really a horrible experience to live here. Like another review said, the pool is basically a public pool all day for little kids, the TVs in the gym never, ever, work. And you are only allowed to bring two guests into the pool at any given time, even if there is no one else there. The building is managed horribly. Just beware, they will tell you anything in this building to have you sign the lease, but they are really horrible. It's also not so safe in this area if you go a few blocks north. If you are brave enough to see units in this complex, take the time to ask a bunch of residents if they are happy here. Find residents who were here before UDR came along and destroyed the building. Don't take my word for it, look into it yourself. The front desk staff is great though, it's everyone and everything else that's horrible. The building is very nice, and well located. The builders obviously made a decision to go towards cheap, lower-quality finishing in apartments. But that was the only complaint we had. Until UDR took over the building, sfter which things have gone downhill. The company closed off the common social area for most of a weekend, including the gym, to hold a corporate function. Residents had no access. They are getting ready to tear down a nice, green public space behind the building in order to put up a parking lot. They took almost eight weeks to fix tread mills in the gym. And they just give the general impression of being cheap and unconcerned about the overall resident experience. When you rate this apartment please use the name of the building 808 Columbus Square in the name so Google will find it!! We moved into this building thinking it was pure luxury. When we got to 808 Columbus Avenue we found out that the pool is basically a public pool, filled with kids all day from 9-6. You're not allowed to use it during this time. They are building a parking lot in the back, which will mean a lot of noise and construction. The elevators never work properly. Go spend your money someplace else, it is not worth living here. If you don't mind people sneaking in from neighboring buildings to use your pool and facilities, then I guess 808 Columbus Avenue is for you. If you don't mind the constant rush of one month tenants in your building, then this is the building for you. If you don't mind that anyone can get past security, then this is the building for you. The people who actually live in the building are paying a premium to live in a so-called luxury building, but that doesn't prevent people from other buildings sneaking in to use the facilities or brazenly just walking past the 2 security staff. There is also a constant revolving door of temporary tenants coming with their suitcases for a brief stay in the building. For those who actually are long term tenants, this is very alarming. I don't blame the security staff - how are they supposed to keep track of the multitude of ever changing tenants unless ownership instructs them to? Instead, those who are paying half the rent of what we're paying have the nerve to come into our space and use our facilities. 
Park West Village
6 months in and I am counting the days to move out! The apartment itself is nice, newly remodeled however the building is horrible. Front desk staff serves absolutely no purpose. Management is unresponsive - good luck ever getting an answer to any question or complaint. Biggest mistake I made was to move into this overpriced poorly maintained building. Stay away. Lots and lots better options out there. We rented one of the renovated so-called 1 bedroom apartments (upper west-side $ market prices) with the promise that building upgrades and renovations would be completed within a few months. 9 months later and there is no sign that corridor rugs will be replaced, elevator doors cleaned and/or upgraded, etc. Additionally, the building maintenance is very poor. As concerns the front desk security, there is none. People come and go without person at the front desk asking where people are going, or calling up to the apartment to ask if we're expecting someone. This is not a secure building or safe situation. It gets even worst: My niece was visiting with us and left the key in the apartment in error. I was not home, so I told here to go to front desk for them to call me so that I could authorize the front desk to give her the spare key. The person covering the entrance gave her the key without asking her for ID, or having her sign the key out, OR giving me a call to authorize her entry. THIS IS NOT A PLACE YOU WANT TO LIVE IN OR PAY HIGH RENT FOR. Poorly managed and maintained. The people working in the office are trash... Never follow up your requests and beaches with you all the time. Find all kinds of excuses to not give your deposit back.. They seldom respond your email and they are actually not always in office. The person who picks up your phone will write down your phone and address and never call back again. On purposely let you wait on the phone for at least 5 minutes. Trash service. Disgusting altitude towards renters who have already paid their rents. Worst management ever. THey are cheaters, liars -- I don't know how they train their office staff to lie like they do, but they must comb through TONS of people to get the most horrible cheaters and liars and snakes ever. May they all rot in hell. I have never dealt with a worse management company in my 8 years of living in New York. I am still owed thousands of dollars and I moved out over three months ago. They have been nearly unresponsive to my phone calls and emails and when they do answer they talk in circles or tell me they are not in the office etc. There was constant construction, the walls are very thin, we had kids playing and screaming in our hall ways almost every evening, we had laundry stolen out of our laundry room and when I went to complain about the situation literally received a shoulder shrug, I also informed them that the back door that should be locked is constantly left open and that never changed so anyone could wander in and out, and just to top it off we had mice multiple times in our apartment and we were only there a little over a year. They completely scammed us on our lease and despite written proof are denying the concession promised. Save yourself the headache and move somewhere else. Constant contraction noise throughout the building. Landlord constantly turns heat off during some of the coldest days and only turns it on after receiving multiple complaints. Dealing with the office can be maddening as their response is usually a suggestion to move out if you don't like it here. Maintenance staff is friendly, provided you offer a nice tip in advance. Maintenance of the floors (vacuuming, etc) is below standard for a complex that charges $4,000+ a month for rent. If you're looking to rent on the UWS, you could probably do better. If I could, I would truthfully give this place a negative rating. Whatever you do, DO NOT MOVE HERE. The management team is virtually non-existent if you have questions or complaints (of course they are active only before you sign your agreement) and once even bullied me when I complained about one of my packages going missing. Found out that we are paying twice the rent compared to all of the older neighbors surrounding us, among other issues. The "security" team, including the doormen, is virtually nonexistent when you need to pick up a package (they are off to lunch for a few hours at a time in the evening, which is awful if you work during the day and get home anytime after 6pm). The worst part is you cannot pick up packages on the weekends because the staff "doesn't have a key" to access the package room. The only plus to this place is that there is no broker fee (but now I can see why) when committing to the apartment. 1. Uncooperative and unfriendly management. The way the management staff deal with issues is unacceptable. Before moving into the apartment, I've made a few maintenance requests (e.g., installing the window guards, etc.) to avoid unnecessary hassles while unpacking. However, none of the requests made prior to moving was resolved when I moved in, and they ignored my complaint email. I've also spoken to a few of my neighbors, and all had negative things to say about the management office. 2. This apartment is infested with roaches. 3. Odor in the hallways will never go away. 4. I haven't seen rats or mice in the building but I have seen them a LOT around the building. 5. The maintenance staff and concierge attendants are friendly overall. Speaking of the concierge, they are nice but very inattentive. They will not be responsible for missing packages in the lobby, suspicious people entering the building, for example. Yes, the apartment is nicely located and relatively larger than other buildings but you will waste so much of your time and energy just dealing with the unhelpful management. It would be difficult to avoid dealing with them given the conditions and the age of the building. Don't be taken in by the nice-looking leasing office or the nice neighborhood. Management refuses to deal with issues when it is not to there benefit. Due to construction disturbances including an unsafe level of dust (possibly including lead as posted by the Dept. of Health), we've been forced to vacate the apartment for numerous nights. However, management not only refuses to offer us a discount for nights we were unable to stay at the apartment, but they've failed to respond to five attempts to reach them to discuss the matter. Their management is unacceptable (and non-existent). The building is only superficially nice appearing. Look deeper and you will find many rent-controlled apartments, thin flimsy walls through which you can hear your neighbors, and poor quality floors and cabinets. The management takes every penny they can from you- and will lie to you about the ongoing noisy construction and renovations- and are not willing to accommodate you or work with you in any way. Maintenance issues are never fixed on time. We have had roach problems several times. Be careful of this building- it is very overpriced and not a pleasant living experience. Sleazy management (tries to rip tenants off at every opportunity), appliances cheap (peeling after one year), lousy upkeep, dirty halls and stairwell. Apartments WERE reasonably priced and complex WAS sorrounded by trees, benches and greenery. HOWEVER, in 2013, PWV Hiked rent up hundreds of dollars per tenant and THEN proceeded to gut the trees, and grass around the complex, which they are turning into a parking lot, while they build an old age home in what was formerly the parking lot. Tenants will be subjected to construction noise, dust and soot for next 2 years The best that could be said is that the apartments are spacious. I just moved into the building and there are bed bugs crawling around the hallway!!! I'm trying to get out of my lease. Stay away from this building!!!! Apartment sizes are fairly large and I feel overall it's a decent value, though I don't have high expectations. I haven't had any problems with mice, mold or anything else horrible like some other reviewers though so that's a plus! Pros: -large rooms/closets, renovated kitchen/bath, nice balcony -value, value, value: in this price range & location, the apt is much better than anything else I saw while looking -the 'village' concept with three buildings in one square mile and no car traffic within the block keeps the area nice & quiet Cons: -laundry room perpetually has out of repair machines -maintenance pretty slow to respond to problems -heat is very kept high. Pros: 1. Neighbors are friendly. 2. Doormen and security personnel are nice. 3. Location 4. Rent stabilization during the early year have kept the rent under valued. 5. Open space (that's going away soon when construction starts) Cons: 1. Mice (caught 3 in the past 3.5 years) and roaches (every now and again). 2. Dirty hallways (most of the time). 3. Hallway occasionally smell like urine. 4. Trash left in the trash room but not placed into the 'trash chute' causing the hallway to smell and attracting unwanted insects and rodents. (Perpetrated by a few tenants - still haven't caught the perpetrator(s)) 5. Trash room is not cleaned everyday as it should be. 6. Garbage also left out in the hallway because certain tenants are inconsiderate and lazy to place it down the trash chute or taken outside. 7. Water turned off often because of pipe repair. Avoid!! I am pretty confident the building is qualifies as one that would be deemed a "Sick Building." I had a rent stabilized apartment and despite the great price, I had to move due to a mold problem in my apartment that could not be remediated. In general, it is a pretty miserable place and the lack of respect for tenants by owners/management trickles down. All around a bad vibe and health hazard on top. I should add, the water gets constantly turned off for pipe repairs and brown stuff spews out of the faucet. I never drank the water when I lived there! compactor rooms, laundry room, hallways are all filthy & rarely are cleaned. A washing machine that was out of service for over a month still had soap spills covering the top of the machine. Roaches & mice live here & are ignored. While I was there, I got them on 6 violations, mainly mold (all without an attorney, thank you)--two separate cases. I also took approximately 20,000 dollars from them through housing court, etc., all justly because they are slumlords of the worst order. All said, I was not smart: I should have moved much earlier. I would only encourage my worst enemy to rent from those bastards because the building and apartments are all sick from the water to the walls: mold, lead, asbestos, etc, even after they cosmetically flip the rent stabilized apts. Risky place to live... The bad: Horrible landlord: dishonest, with numerous DHCR findings against PWV (also Stellar Mgmt, Gluck and Chetreet, et al). They are theives. Lackadaisical management office; doesn't care about tenants. Maintenance requires multiple visits to fix simplest of problems. Old construction from late 50's, early 60's - including old water pipes and dirty vents. Hallways are dim, stale air. Paper thin walls. Noise travels. Filthy laundry room, with constantly broken equipment. The good: Good, safe neighborhood. Friendly neighbors. Renovated apartments look ok on the surface, if you try real hard to overlook the shoddy workmanship and cheap materials. 
New Whitehall Apartments
I moved out in December and had to battle for my security deposit. Each incompetent fool working for the management told me a different story about when I would get my money returned. The apartment had a cockroach infestation even though my friend and I kept it very clean. The clean-up crew were kids, probably working without pay.Radiator was very loud and poorly functioning. Water was frequently shut-off without sufficient warning. Walls are paper thin, and the building is filled with singers, musicians, and college students who don't observe standard quiet hours. The washing machines and dryers are circa 1980, and usually you have to wait 1 hour to even get one that is working. Doormen would lose mail and are not friendly. The only redeeming quality of the place is decent pricing.This is a fraud management team... they take your money, they are rude and abusive. I would never stay there. Certain people there are the most useless people on planet earth. Cheap and A'holes. I have worked at this place so I know what goes on in and out. The people who assume that the "two friendly" guys during the day shift are nice but are fake as he'll and don't do any work whatsoever! They steal, lie to the tenants face and leave all the slack for the other workers to take care. I was probably the only honest worker. Over the building is ---- and you can definitely find somewhere else to live for a better price so please don't waste any of your time for your sake. Most of the workers are all under paid so of course your going to find a lot of money hungry workers. Most of the workers are snakes I'm glad I left this place. I am just giving anyone who is interested in living here advice. Btw most of the appliances are refurbished. Refrigerators, stove etc.So happy to move out of there! They just leave your package for anyone to steal. They handle the mail themselves so of course they "lose" mail all the time, particularly Netflix, and blame it on the post office (I've lived near other post offices in the area and had no problem). On the plus side the deck is cool, maintenance guys were great, no hot water issues. Staff is mostly friendly except for night shift guy. Laundry room issues have been resolved. They have bike and excess storage. Trash chutes on each floor. Very quiet area and couldn't hear my neighbors. But for the price you pay it'd have been nice to get my mail delivered.Overall, very unsatisfactory management and facilities. Examples: unacceptably slow responses to room repair requests (some were totally neglected); a bunch of past residents' mails delivered; frequent (at least once a month) water stoppages with short notice; insufficient heating management; slow & malfunctioning elevators; small laundry capacity with unreliable dryers. Particularly, I found no value in doormen there. Only one guy was always friendly, another was conditionally friendly, and all others were rude. Seemingly, their only mission was to play video games or chat with somebody. You can expect their reluctant services everyday. Last but not least, I have not got back my deposit after move out in spite of repeated requests. I am seriously considering to take legal procedure.I agree with the other comment. it's a total ripped off. doesn't worth to it at all. Overly priced and very bad management. Except two over friendly main doorman, they are rude and doesn't know how to say hi, especially the weekend morning doorman is the worst doorman I've ever seen in my life. He is rude, and sometimes even attempts to lecture the tenants for some reason. I suggest you to stay away.Since they began building a new high-rise next door, they sealed ALL windows on the south side of our building. The management has not installed any ventilation system whatsoever, and the building has become very smelly. I am thinking about filing an official complaint with the City of New York if they don't do something about this soon.<br><br>There are six washing machines ($2.00/cycle) and four dryers ($0.25/8 min). Washing machines do work OK, but only two of them support hot water. Out of four dryers, only two of them work reliably. So we have only six washing machines and two dryers that work... Since there are 150 units in this building, this often creates serious congestion in the laundry room.<br><br>The manager is overly friendly to women (creepy), and seems to act extra friendly around Xmas time (yes, he expects you to give him a big Xmas tip).<br><br>The only positive thing about this place is its somewhat convenient location (proximity to public transportation). But don't expect to find many good diners/restaurants in this neighborhood.<br><br>Overall, $1950 for a smelly studio that measures 300-350 sq ft is a total rip-off.
Enclave
The ceiling of my apartment has been leaking brown water into the living room for over two weeks and despite being notified, the building management has not proceeded with any repairs. Update: It has now been nearly two months since my ceiling began leaking, and the building has still not resolved the problem. I lived here for a year and decided to move even tho it took me longer to commute to school. The building itself is nice and new, and most doormen and maintenance staffs I meet are friendly and helpful. So I added a star for them. However the management office has given me enough troubles that IÕd rather move to avoid future unpleasant experience. Besides not allowing friends to visit or help me pick up forgotten items (doormen were asked to check ID sometimes, and I were stopped a few times too.) , the management is extremely hard to reach. You have to reserve elevators online if you need to move something large than a box or a suitcase, and every time I try to reserve elevator, management doesnÕt approve or decline the request unless I call or visit the office. Then whatÕs the point of the online system? Also you never when when you can find a manager. Doormen told me the office hour is 9-5, but i never found a manager before 10, or after 4. Emails got delayed for weeks. In the past year our rent got miscalculated at least three times and itÕs a long process to get the office to correct it. I knew a friend who got treated with discrimination, and his reviews on google got deleted along with many other one star reviews. Also, the hospital and the church are both under construction now, which means noise. Choose another place if you donÕt want to deal with ridiculous problems or have to show ID when you come home. 
P.S. someone mentioned (here on google map review) building management called 1 star reviews to change the review. So IÕm using a nickname to protect myself. IÕve read many more complaints here on google and theyÕre gone now. LetÕs see what happen with mine. Lived in the building previously. I do not like most of the management team and a handful of the doorman. Let's begin with the leasing part. The agent hang up on my phone while I am speaking. Blamed me for her poor project management skill and made ridiculous and impossible demand (request the money to be received within 24 hrs in a weekend. Otherwise, she would give the place to other people. I have never seen worse people. My friends had similar experience with the poor leasing experience. Charged a ridiculous amount when I moved out for cleaning fee ($1,050 for cleaning, and no damage for the apartment, while in Avalon in 110 Street, the fee is only $250). 3 Some of the management team people do not respond to e-mails. Some of the doorman are not helpful and they seem to intentionally make your life harder Finally, something nice about the place. 1 The place is new and cheap. 2 The place is close to Columbia. This place is the worst place I've ever stayed. I can smell the cigarette smell from my neighbor's room everyday. As far as I know, this is a smoke-free building, and since I have a private bathroom inside of the bedroom, my whole bedroom smells like cigarette now. I've reported this to the manager team (several managers who usually send you email pretty frequently for whatever small issue they want to confirm or prevent you from doing) but NEVER get replied. Several equipment in the gym also broke. I've contacted with them many times trying to get those equipment replaced - but it never happened until this year the new leasing season come and they need to show potential tenants around. Those property managers only care about if you pay for the rent. If there's any problem inside the building, they just ignore that. They don't even allow you let your friends/family member to stay when you are not there, for whatever stupid security reason. If i can choose no star, worst manage team I ever meet and the manager has really strong racial discrimination issue for Asian people. She talk to me with contempt and keep roll her eyes. During the daytime, she even keep me out of the office more than one hours for PERSONAL PHONE CALL! And the front desk man totally ignored me when I tried to talk to he. They even charge my roommate addition facility fees without any permission or inform. This is how the luxury apartment treat to their residents. Good luck if you still want to choose this. No stars if I could- payed significant amount of rent to live at this apartment and I am not kidding, it was worst than living in a Columbia dorm. The building manager Wilce is the rudest person I have ever met in New York, and also straight up a liar who has denied email exchanges we had to my face. They are very strict on timing of rent payed, yet they did not comply to pay the security deposit back to us after we moved out after the legal 60 day time frame they have Additionally, the building manager Oksana (asks for payment confirmations each month and if not sent charges a late fee (although her only job is to administer the checks Brodsky Management receives for Enclave). The building promises to be a "luxury building" with 24/7 staff and a doorman, which is why many people choose to live in this building. The short and chubby doorman who is responsible for night shifts literally sleeps from 12 to 6 in the morning, refusing to open the door. If you dare to knock rather than using your key fob (which gives you access to facilities like the gym and backyard) he screams at you in the middle of the night, threatening to not open it again if you forget your fob even though that is his only freaking job. DO NOT BELIEVE THE SCAM THAT YOU CAN USE ALL FACILITIES WHENEVER YOU WANT. First of all, the backyard in only open from 10 am to 10 pm and you cannot bring your dog out there. In order to use the grills outside or reserve the common room opening up to the backyard, you need to notify them at least 48 hours in advance. So if you wake up and it's a nice day, and you decide to invite a few friends over to have dinner in the backyard and grill, YOU CAN NOT even if they are vacant and just standing there. For roof access, don't be fooled, if you are in a unit in the further side of the corridor you do not have access to the roof. You have to pass to the complete other side of the building, and go up, and also have to come down to sign in a friend every time they come in if you do not tell them you will have guests over 48 hours in advance. Throughout all of these problems we had, the management team was incredibly rude, always rolling their eyes, refusing to talk to us when they were in the office when it was their working hours, Wilce Robles having the audacity to threaten and shout at his tenants. We have noticed that they (Wilce Robles and Oksana Marhitych) have had this attitude with all international residents of the building, and who had guarantors and payers who did not live within the country. As they felt superior to these students (whom we were apart of), their attitude was extremely condescending and straight up unacceptable. To anyone trying to lease a building in New York, I advise you to not even try to cooperate with Wilce Robles and Oksana Marhitych, as they have abused their powers over and over again, refusing to respect their tenants who pay so much money for them to be able to keep a job. Worst experiences!! The manager Oksana is very mean, they donÕt respect tenants at all. We pay such high rent to get such bad service. The people in the front desk are very mean, they donÕt allow your friends to stay overnight and you need to schedule appointment to move a few boxes out. They donÕt allow me to do this and that. Everything you do you have to listen to them or they will call police. Worst experiences. WonÕt live here again. They also have bed bugs in here and you will be forced to move everything out three times for treatment.If you canÕt follow the treatment you will be kicked out and pay cancellation fee of one month. The management is very unorganized and the manager is very mean and hard to cantact. She is not in the office most time.My friend who lives at building reviewed this 1 star but got deleted without notice. I seriously think these 5 stars review are not real. Before you consider to live here, think these 3 things first to see if you can stand:Tenants do not have the right to let their friends entry to feed his dog or pick up some documents ONLY AFTER building manager say yes. ( Did I mention the office never pick up calls?)Tenants do not have the right to let their friends pick up mails even with official notes from recipients. 3,  Tenants who are not satisfy with living experiences signed petition, but was ignored by building management.Very bad management. A door man named Amad who is an African American, tall, wearing glass always try to make your life harder.  My friend had a birthday party in my apartment, I handed her keys to let her put birthday cake into my apartment while I was outside shopping for more birthday party decorations. Amad refused to let my friend enter even after I put my friend on building-link system and talked to him on the phone. He kept accusing me that I was leasing my apartment, and lied to me that my friend told him this. IÕm pretty sure my friend was not crazy to make up this story to a stranger doorman. NASTY MANAGER OKSANA! STOP RENTING THIS BUILDING! The building tried to kick us out of the apt without 30 days notice because they want new tenants to move in and pay higher rent! Our right as tenants is totally not respected!The man at the front desk Mr Williams is the worst security personnel. He holds mean intentions towards everyone and needs to not be a position where he talks to human beings. Solitary confinement sounds right. Ridiculous experience. Building manager Wilce abused his power. My son is tenant of Enclave. When he is away from home, I can not go in and stay in his house even with his permission to entry. Like assistant manager Oksana said "you need to be with your guest every moment when he comes to visit". Important to mention that, building management called 1 star reviewer to change their rating. The doorman here is threatening, ruthless, incorporative and discriminating. We have the tenant's written invitation, with our full name, pictures and a note explicitly explaining the situation, in their system. But this guy kept my friend and I at the front desk for the whole night, even threatened to call the police, only because we carried a lamp and suitcase with us. Can't believe this happened to a so-called "luxury rental" place like this. I lived here for 1 year. Very bad management with the staff who never understand how to respect the tenants. From yes to yes and no. Lesson learned. I tend to ask leasing agent and building manager on how things work instead of reading the lease myself and it's a huge mistake. Heat is not practically included in the rent bc you need to pay for the electricity that powers it. However when I asked them upon signing the answer I got is "yes it's included" and when I asked explicitly about electricity charge because heat is built in ac, the building manager told me there's a different meter that covers the heat, no worries. But when I received my bill which shows otherwise the answer I got became "well, yes and no, it's in your lease, you are paying for the electricity powering it".  So technically this is my problem but I have no idea why someone would hold back information and misguide me when the additional heat charge is only like 50-60 a month while the rent is 3.5k. In all the building is a good building the staff members are nice and helpful and I would recommend this place to other people but two stars off for the bitter lesson I learned.I have been living here for one year and I can never sucessfully reach the manager. The worst management service!
The Hudson Park
Building management requires you to jump through hoops and hurdles for everything. Moving one piece of furniture can only be done at specific times and with approval. Sub leasing requires essentially the approval process of a lease, notarized by everyone in the apartment (better have good roommates), and 2 weeks processing time. The gym equipment broke and their response was "its not our responsibility, it was here when we bought the building". They also advertise free breakfast but it always runs out before the time its supposed to go until. Most the doorman are nice but that is the only benefit - management and leasing are atrocious and I would never recommend a friend to live here. Moved here in 2009 when the building was under different management. Since then it has gone way downhill. Elevator breaks and it isn't fixed for over a week; tenants with loud dogs barking late at night with no care given by management; disgusting laundry facilities that are always broken. There are a few nice staff who work the front desk, but they've hired a few who are more concerned with smoking and chatting then helping residents. Mostly very young (college aged) tenants who don't care about the building or neighbors. The management is unresponsive to any requests and typically rude and hard to deal with. Our apartment was entered without consent and a wall ripped apart this year. No explanation or apology was provided. FYI, all the reviews prior to this are no longer valid! They changed management earlier in the year and it has been terrible since. The leasing agents are somewhat nice when you are coming for first time, but shortly after could care less about you and your apt problems. They are offering housing to Section A and the building has been full of shady characters. This used to be a great/wonderful place to live, but despite their new logo and marketing it isnt... RENTERS BEWARE!! They're jacking our rent by $400/month after three years of living here, and it's simply not worth it. During our time here, they raised the rent but took away amenities. They also don't let you eat or drink on the rooftop deck, rendering it largely useless. The laundry machines are not particularly well maintained. The thing that I haven't seen posted here is that, in certain parts of the building, your living room and bedroom face into a complex on West 97th Street called the "Yale Hotel," which appears to be a glorified halfway house (Google it). It's bad enough that privacy's limited, but it's worse when the people staring in aren't terribly stable themselves. On the brightside, the concierge staff and super are lovely human beings. But I think you can do better for the money. Pretty bad. The main issue is they over promise and under deliver. They make claims like they have a 'theater', but then when you move in you realize the projector is garbage (makes every dvd look bootlegged) and you're not allowed to eat popcorn in the theater room. They claim they have a roof deck, and they do - but there are around 4 uncomfortable, always occupied chairs. The deck is open for ~5 months of the year and closes promptly at 9. Oh yea - no food allowed on the deck. Poor construction, some of the walls are paper thin. They do have everything they promise, it just ALL comes with a kicker and an 'I hate you' attitude. I have been in the building for a while, and I do not have an easy time with the management. They are quite unreasonable. I have read other posts saying it is a nice building except for the management, and I concur. I've lived Here for two years now, and the building isn't worth the money. The super is never around or always doing something. Very unfit for this position at best he should be a porter. The doormans are good and luimy is a great replacement for the last girl in the office. Arutro has a lot of new faces in and out the building instead of hiring someone on the books and just keeping one. But he hires them off the book so he could keep the little extra in his pocket, bottom line it isn't safe to have so many new faces in or out. Still don't understand why they got rid of Joseph he was great but he was off the books, instead of just hiring him with a great charm on handling people, instead they bring in a thug just like the super. Plus how does his sister inlaw work as a dooman I just don't get it. Long story short building would never grow or be at it's great pretental in till they get a real super not a thug off the street that likes swings a hammer like and ape. After two years of living here, we moved because the rent is ridiculous. I get that it's a doorman building in the UWS but they increased the rent and took away amenities. The movie screening room used to be included, but now they charge per use. The rooftop was closed for the winter, but they posted a notice saying they will reopen when they think it's appropriate. The laundry room is convenient, but the machines don't look like they are very well-maintained. The review saying management was unhelpful was spot on. The building manager was nice while we were signing our lease, but was nowhere to be found after we moved in. Overall, you can find better for your money. It's just not worth it. We have lived here for two years, and have been happy with the building facilities and the apt. However, the building management is extremely uncooperative, unresponsive and rude. Any interaction with them is unpleasant --for instance, one of the doormen, Raj Praman enjoys petty power trips an is pokes his nose where it's not appreciated (e.g. marital status of apt tenants). The person in charge of the management office, Aisa Vinas is hard to contact, and is generally extremely unhelpful, except in money matters and signing leases. She was warm and welcoming when we signed on the lease, but has been quite unaccomodating thereafter with requests as mundane as information regarding other available apts in the building, etc. Overall, the building is a decent place in and of itself, but we would not recommend it due to the unpleasant management. I am moving out after more than a year's worth of battles with the management at this building. No one I know in the building has ever had a positive experience with the management. They hiked everyone's rent during the recession, have absurd policies throughout the building, and threaten to throw people out at every turn. Most recently they started coming up with random "loopholes" in order to evict tenants so they could move new (and probably higher paying) tenants in. A close friend was actually evicted because she was a few days late on rent this summer and then didn't realize the management company "stopped accepting" her checks (she kept sending them, but they just didn't cash them). This is apparently a well known "turnover" practice common to shady management corporations in the city. Despite what they advertise, this is not a pet friendly building and all my friends with dogs have had issues with management regarding them. They are also selective in who they target - a neighbor with a dog was constantly receiving threatening letters about his dog barking but another neighbor who throws parties every night and smokes in the hall has not even been spoken to despite repeated requests by the floor. My only guess at an explanation is that the neighbor with the dog has been there for 4 years and is paying less than this new neighbor, so the management would rather get the dog out and a new high paying renter in. That said, the doormen are all fantastic, as are the service people. The ammenities are nice but definitely not worth the price you're paying (the gym is a dungeon with a sad display of equipment and the laundry room is filled with flies). Few of the doormans are nice and I agree the maintenance are quick in action. However, the leasing office is incredibly rude. They are very haughty especially towards students and they do not hesitate to spit out insults in front of people. I've lived in several doorman buildings, and Hudson Park is by far the worst landlord I've dealt with. The people who work in the leasing office are incredibly rude. And with market rents coming down in NYC, they actually had the nerve to try to increase my rent by $100 when it came up for renewal. I gave notice that I am moving out, and the leasing agent has been showing my apartment early in the mornings with little advance notice. Although they have lowered rents for new tenants by $200, given my experience, I think they will implement a huge rent increase once you've been there for a year. Besides the rent issue, they have ridiculous policies for tenants. For example, they charge a fee when tenants lock themselves out and ask for the spare key. What is the point of having a doorman? In another instance, they refused to let my cousin enter my apartment because I forgot to register her as a guest in person and was out of town. She was supposed to stay at my apartment, and even though I called and gave permission, she had to leave. Avoid this building! This building has ridiculous rent increases which make it nearly impossible to stay for more than a year. The management company, Pinnacle, will not work with you or be reasonable once your first lease is up. Also, there are smokers and 'other' smokers that can cause your entire hallway to stink. Plus, the 'gym' is tiny and one of the main weight lifting machines has broken. Stay away. Building is poorly maintained with horrible construction. Any apartment with a deck or near a deck will leak - either through the ceiling or the floor. Repairs are made - but why should apartments leak repeatedly? Attempts to stop leaking are patchwork at best.<br><br>Gym is also poorly maintained. One of the two treadmills is broken as is one of the two cross-trainers - gym equipment has been broken for months. Only get run around when inquiring about repairs.<br><br>Regular repairs to water system - come home at the end of the day, turn on water and you'll get a burst of rust particles.<br><br>Building location sucks - you can't get a taxi by the building - in general, you'll have to walk up to Broadway, though rarely you can find one on WE ave. Living next to the gas station is dangerous - its open 24 hours and you have to be careful walking home. 96 St has red light cameras that flash constantly. Entrance to highway means excessively aggressive drivers turning onto 96 St - but crossing guards when school is in session help out the adults too.<br><br>Entire staff has turned over except for one concierge (this is not a doorman building) and one porter.<br><br>Building tenants have shifted from families to college age kids that put up walls in apartments (maybe more like rest of NYC this way) - but building common areas (Laundry, gym. etc) weren't designed to accommodate this number of people.<br><br>Lastly, rent increases are excessive. Think about 40 % after one year - and try to justify a brokers fee to move in here. I've lived in this apartment for the last year, and am thrilled to be moving out in a month. My rent increase was an eye-popping 40%. Forget that! I'm not sure whether they're charging me the market rent, but I honestly could not find a WORSE deal anywhere in the NYT real estate section. (So, if you do rent, beware: the owners will screw you when it comes time to renew.)<br><br>I can confirm everything that's been said about Sophia (who runs the management office): she is a complete nightmare. It is also true that in the past year all of the front desk staff have turned over but one, and the replacements are sketchy at best. The super (who was a really great guy) was fired as well.<br><br>The building is only a few years old, but it was poorly constructed and parts of it are already falling apart. For example, the molding around my walls is lifting off the floors and the cabinet doors in my kitchen don't close flush with the cabinet housing. Maybe 20% of the decorative lighting in the lobby has been burnt out since I moved in a year ago.<br><br>The "brown water everyday" comment from an earlier poster was a bit of an exaggeration, but there are water shutoffs roughly once a week (for what reason, I have no idea) and every time it comes back on, you deal with the brown stuff.<br><br>And, yeah, to get to riverside park you do have to walk under a bridge - and there's usually a moderate amount of trash scattered about and one or two homeless men sleeping there.<br><br>I have a variety of other personal horror stories related living in the building, but would rather not go into detail so as not to be personally identified by Sophia. I have no doubt she would try to sue me for libel.<br><br>Live in this building only as a last resort. I moved into this building in 2006 for a rent of $2550 for a one bedroom. When my lease came due the new rent was $3000. This is a 17% increase. I know that the City has a tight rental market, but the average rent increase for the Upper West Side was 6 - 7%. My broker researched a couple other similar buildings and confirmed that the Hudson Park increase was a significant outlier. I stayed because the cost of another broker fee and mover fees was more expensive than staying one more year but I can not wait to leave. As other postings have noted there is tremendous staff turnover. I have lived in two other doorman buildings in which there was no turnover for years of any of the staff. Here, all but one of the conciege staff have disappeared since I moved in yet the tenants are never informed of even the names of the new people. Overall, a very disappointing living environment. Unlike the past few reviewers, I've been here 2 years. Let them write a review after 2 years -- not 2 months!<br>First of all, if you like living on top of a gas station and dodging cars as you approach your home this place is for you. The lovely Riverside Park next door has been rated #1 of the most dangerous parks in nyc this week (Central Park excluded). You have to stumble over sleeping people and mountains of garbage to approach the park which is always deserted anyway in this area.<br>All that aside, the bldg. is run by Sophia, a psychotic, angry, lonely spinster type who is all too ready to lash out at you and threaten you for whatever. She is scary and you will see many people approach her as if walking on eggshells. Caution, do not disturb this sleeping lioness. She bites!<br>There are a variety of lawsuits filed against her. None of the nice employees here last very long. She fires everybody. She is that ------ boss from hell only she's not your boss and this is supposed to be your home.<br>There's no super at the moment as she recently fired him too! The apartments are way too small and extremely overpriced! Poorly constructed. The water runs brown from all faucets. The bulbs in the overhead light fixtures blow out at least once a month. I've spent a fortune on buying bulbs.<br>The tenants are great but nobody stays too long. For most of the time that I was here, they were constructing and fixing the exterior because they're trying deperately to sell (unload) this bldg. and when that happens...which it will eventually...who knows what they'll plan. Good luck here! Better yet, don't move here unless you're desperate.<br> I'm moving out of this building after a year, solely because of the way I've been treated by Sophia. Like the time I had a guest come into town, and without knowing who she was Sophia yelled at her, called her a liar, and refused to let her in the building. Or the time I went to speak with her about a matter and she told me I wasn't allowed to do something. When I asked her where it said that in my lease she yelled at me that it wasn't in my lease. When I asked her where I agreed to the terms she was listing, she got made and yelled at me again, even threatened litigation, which was an empty threat as there was never a breech of contract. So yeah, REALLY awful management. We were essentially forced out of our lease, and it's no wonder seeing as the apartment was listed at $1400 more than we were paying. Definitely not worth it. We were paying too much in the first place. And yeah, the concierge are mean and make your guests feel bad. And the construction of the building is poor. You can do better. Sophia is very moody, but mostly she's a -----. She tells people to shut up and doesn't work very hard. Neither does Jamie, the super. He makes you wait weeks for repair work. And some of the doormen, sorry "concierge," are snotty pricks.<br><br>Of course it's still a nice building, but I hear the lyric is nicer and the staff are not such jerks. I have lived in Hudson Park for 2 1/2 years. While it was a thrill to be the first to live in my flat after the bldg. had opened, there have been numerous issues with the design and functionality of the building. There have been repeated construction issues clearly due to quick, poor construction of the bldg. (No one experiencing the first few years of this building would ever be silly enough to purchase in it, should it ever 'switch' over to a co-op.) The maintenance and management are quite arrogant -- and create new rules and regulations every other week for the bldg. that are quite strange and confusing as this is a rental and not a co-op. My individual apt. space is quite good. Despite very noisy front doors to the apartments (you can hear the on-going conversations of your neighbors when walking the halls) the sound proofing from the apt windows to the street is good. The laundry room is large and those living in the bdlg. are good neighbors. But the staff and maintenance issues make living at Hudson Park a rather hot/cold and often frustrating experience. way overpriced, fixtures are flimsy, management is unpleasant to say the least.When I first tried to move my former room-mate in Sophia called him a ------ and a Monkey. Unfortunately she left this message on my voice mail and several others on my work phone, which my boss oversees.<br>While the apartment faals apart around me she will not do anything to fix it because she spends all of her time shopping on the company dollar and re-furnishing her office.<br>Rarely have I seen her put in more than a half a day of work as well.<br> If you are having issues with getting maintenance issues resolved there is recourse. File a complaint with 3-1-1.<br><br>Also, check out http://www.housingnyc.com/ to see all the housing code... for example: <br>Section 27-2065 which states...<br>"There shall be a system of mechanical ventilation, approved for construction and arrangement by the department. In a multiple dwelling such system of ventilation shall be maintained and operated continuously to provide at least four changes per hour of the air volume of each water closet, bathroom or general toilet room daily from six o'clock in the. morning until midnight in all residential parts of a dwelling and from seven o'clock in the morning until seven o'clock at night in any nonresidential parts of a dwelling. In a private dwelling the approved system of mechanical ventilation may be switch-operated."<br><br>ENJOY! i have never had a more miserable living experience in my life. the property manager sophia can rot in hell in my opinion. she has been nothing but disrespectful to me and my roomate ever since the day we moved in. she has called me a liar and threatened to call the cops on me, after i asked her a simple question. <br> not only am i a responsible, good tenant, i have never been late with my ridiculously expensive rent (which by the way is WAY overpriced.) she is not a human being and in my opinion belongs in the zoo. NEVER MOVE HERE. I, too, lived at the Hudson Park. I lived there from 2003 to 2004. I must say that, unfortunately, I am not surprised at all by the actions taken by the building manager, Sophia as illustrated in the review written by the other former tenant. She is one of the worst human beings I have ever encountered. While I lived at the Hudson Park, she made countless accusations against me and other friends of mine in the buulding. It was because of her unprofessional and borderline insane behaviorisms that I left the building. While I currently pay more in rent, I live a mere few blocks away from the Hudson Park, and, I must say, it was worth every penny to leave this building. It is unfortunate that Mr. Shaya Boymelgreen (the owner of this building) permits Sophia to remain in charge of this building. The building has tremendous potential, however, with Sophia at the helm, I can't see it ever reaching its full capacity. I urge all current and former tenants to speak up and let others know of their experiences at Hudson Park. The owners of this building have a right to know how one person (Sophia) can chase out perfectly normal and rational tenants. Read the last comment. Everything that person stated is absolutely true. It is the building manager and upper management that are LIARS and have absolutely NO INTEGRITY. <br><br> Don't be lulled by brokers trying to make money, stay away from Hudson Park. <br> For two years we abstained from writting this , but we 've had enough. this is our story:<br> We chose this building (sep.2003)for location convenience and because we were told by the broker (Eva) that the children playroom was goig to be huge, with natural light and beside an outstanding gim and yoga center, as well as a "luxury" roof deck, which by the way we saw in several architectural plans and perspestives. By that time the building was not finished and they gave us as an ending date october 2003. They just concluded a couple of days before. (jun 2005)<br> The appartment that I saw as sample, had a ventilation in the kitchen, and as a full time house wife that was so important that I especificaly asked if our appartment had it, and they said yes. As any inocent expat we trustet both, leasing agent and manager . Boths lied. One sold the inexistent and the other never fixed it. There was not such playroom, insted they disguised a underground maintenance room as the play room, oviously without natural light and constantly hummid. Not happy with that, the manager stole the 2ond. option and made her office,the yoga gim is gone and the roof dek has no appliences. We tried everything, from a single complain to a letter to the tennant which by the way we still dont know if he ever got. As foreigners we did not know we could offitially complain or legally get wat we wer paying for.<br>The complains keept,very often we wrote down in the broken and fixing book, the things that never worked. We waited one year, thinking they'l fix them.<br> By the time we wanted to leave i was 6 moths pregnant and told to stay in bed meanning no moving possible. The manager our dear Miss Sophie Dunamuno, asked very serously for a list of the things they would fix as soon as we renwewed. She didnt take any responsability, she insulted me and called me a lier, and very unpolietly grabed my 3 year old sun by his arm and yell at him to be quiet in the play room, and not to run.<br> I really regret at that time not having sued her and the tennant for that attitude, but I pittied her , this building is all wrongly built, believe me I'm an experienced architect, before we stayed at the Vanguard in Chelsea (that is a good one) and there is no full compliment of the general standard building and design universal laws. Besides as the owner fought with the original contractors, the all place is been sabotaged with concrete traps, the wather is still full of dirt and there is no vent. neighther in kitchen or bath, the way it should correctly be done. The drying machines, are wrongly installed so that very often cloths come out impregnated of a toxic gas smell, The light installation design is dreadful. And if this is not enough, Miss Dunamuno forces all the cleansing staff to spread the all building with highly toxic products for kids, that dont clean but smell clean , the employes somke all over the building and use the children playroom bathroom. <br> The last time " she came up to check on the closet doors that were supposed to work, she screamed so loud that she woke up my baby, she called me crazy and sayd that I needed profetional help, she grabed my cloths and pull them out and in from the closet, in my own house and infront of her faithfull "employe", that was two weeks ago and still haven fixed the bath tube. And afterwards she dared to call my husband in the office and tell him I (his wife) was crazy And asking if I was trully an architect, or a liar. Was she really expecting for my husband to agree with her?..... I wonder if a happily married mother of two healthy kids needs more therapy than a single 30 somethig new yorker. What kind of " profetional" not only doesnt acomplishes his/her job but takes as personal attack every tennants complain. For almost two years I from at hudson park alowed these things for my kids not to listen a big argument, but not now any more if you are interested contact me.I dont like fitting but this building is all wrong an the tennants do nothing about it. Imagine that the entrance hand rail has been broken for more than a week. I could keep on saying. for hours.<br> What I need to admit is that concierges seam to be from other building, they make our day, every moning they farewell with a huge smile. Thank you ( Cesar, Michael, Raj, and cleansing staff).<br> Dont be foolled this cheap price may cost you more in heath and movings.The manager is terrible. We all agree on that. The employees are constantly kissing her butt...the chain goes on and on...everyone there is kissing eachothers butts!.I must say,the only sane people that seem to be in the building are the leasing agents. They are the only ones smart enough to leave after a short time. Says a lot about the rest.I have been living here for a year, and yes, everything about the manager is true, but none of us is living with the management! Come one! The tenants here are great, warm and family oriented! Obviously, they were picked by the leasing agents.I would recommend this building because of the tenants, they make up for whatever the manager brings down and more! If you go directly to the leasing office, you will be greeted by very nice and warm agents who give the best customer service ever! The only people who care about what the management thinks are those working in the building. I have been living here for a while, and the only people i have ever said hello to are the maintenance and the leasing agents. Who cares about you know who...she is a bitter single old women projecting her life miseries and dissapointments onto those more fortunate then her.BITTER BITTER BITTER!so dont get mad, be glad that you are more fortunate then her, and rather than be angry at her just feel sorry for her. Everyone else does! We had just signed a lease for a two bedroom apartment. After signing we were told to call on the Manager, Sophia, to arrange our move-in, and boy-oh boy, after they got our checks, we had started our journey to hell.<br>The First time we called she told us our lease was void, and then she called to say it was OK. (While doing so, she was on a speaker phone and I could clearly hear her, insulting and raising her voice on the leasing agent, who by the way, was friendly, courteous and professional)<br>Then, when we called to schedule a move-in, she said there was no more storage space- Strike two... <br>Then, we had to go back and forth with a move-in date, till we had finally got one that she agreed withÉ<br>I can't even recall how many conversations I had with that woman, but one thing I do know, none of them was pleasant. <br>We are very preoccupied, thinking about the next ÔsurpriseÕ that woman would call us with... all that, and we have not even moved in yet.<br>What can I say, the woman is loud obnoxious, unprofessional and forgets that she is in that building to service and to listen to its tenants. <br>In our opinion, she is nothing but a shame to the building and to its owners.<br>I urge you, don't repeat our mistake, and stay away!<br> Stay away from this complex. The manager of this building makes empty promises and you cannot trust anything she says. You may think that you are getting a deal but the building has many issues. All the floors in each unit are warped. There are problems with water leaks, heaters, and plumbing throughout the building. The doors slam, you can hear your neighbors etc...They say the building is full service but is far from it.<br>Stay away. I can't tell you what a bad experience dealing with this apt management was. They are liars and have absolutely no integrity whatsoever. I wouldn't be surprised if EVERY positive comment was submitted by the manager or her lackeys. Be forewarned !!!!! The manager and the owners of this building are definately not trustworthy. I have read the positive comments included on this website and can only believe that they have been provided by management themselves. Everything bad and negative you read on this site about the building and the building manager is 100% "TRUE" Sophia is the biggest Bully on the block. If you are a young single female BEWARE. Sophia loves to verbally abuse young single females, especially students. She is bi-polar, bitter, frustrated down in her basement office, she's single of course and she treats all people like they are dirt. The only reason I can come with is because she hates herself more than anything in the world and she takes that out on the people around her. Do yourself a favor go find a nice rental building in another location with better prices and apartments. We were to move in to the penthouse apt and had given our notice to our present apt. We had signed a lease agreement with Hudson Park and had riders allowing us to have a pet and a washer/dryer. As we were ready to move in, Sophia the Bld. Manager claimed no knowledge of the riders to the std. lease agreement that her brokers had already agrreed to. When I showed her the lease , she said " Tough Luck" and I incurred significant rental and moving charges to cancel my move. In the end it may have been lucky I did not move there, but I warn anyone to STAY AWAY. They are either liars or incompetent (or both). The apartments and building are nice with good amenities...but I would not live here again or reccommend anyone else live here My complaints include: unresponsive maintenence, poor wiring, no heat, and loud inconsiderate tennents. Worst of all is the manager- Sophia who is extremely unreasonable, tyranical, bi-polar, and personally attacks her tennants. In conversations with other tennents- their eperiences with the Hudson are the same: negative to extremely negative. It's amazing that the place has not gone bankrupt. The Shayla Boymelgreen (sp?) Development Company must either be very wealthy that it can lose so much money or it is as incompetant as the building managers that it hires. Would you like a bedroom with heat? There are several 'bedrooms' in this building that do not have heat. In Georgia this is the law, so why not New York? It is october and I am freezing at night because there is no heat in my room. I am about to take the lead in a major class action lawsuit against this building unless they make things happen soon. if i don't, who will?? The management/leasing office is not professional the least bit, in fact they are anti-tenant. Noise Level is very, very loud inside these crackerbox units. They are a hike to the subway, a lousy value. If you are considering this building - our advice is to move on. The on-site brokers: jc deniro & assoc. are the most un-professional and disorganized we have ever experienced. They mis-represented and promised so many things during "negotiations" which were never even remotely true. The prices quoted were way higher than those listed right on their website to which they replied "sorry it was a typo". The building manager Sophia is very difficult to deal with. The facilities are poorly kept, the manager, Sophia, is a liar, a lunatic, a cheat, a manipulator, and a loon, whose favorite phrase is "I can't possibly be held responsible for what I say to you." I would never in 1,000,000 years reccommend this building to even my worst enemy. If you or anyone you know is thinking of moving here, consider knocking on the doors of some of the tenants and talking to them. The building has had AT LEAST a 35% turnover rate and has only been open for one year. Plain and simple, this building is horrible. The manager, Sophia, borders on hysteria in every conversation my fiance has had with her. I would not mind if things worked but, alas, they don't. In less than one year, we have seen over 10 different doormen. Rents are way too high for what the building delivers. It's priced as a high-class building, which it's absolutely not. Elevators are a nightmare. <br>The leasing people will tell you anything to close a deal. Beware. When we moved in the apartment was filthy and incomplete. Ten months later all the repairs still have not been made. The manager is unreasonable. Stay away from this place. This building has been nothing short of a disaster. The manager, Sophia, is an erratic, irresponsible, nosy maniac. An informal poll among building residents has indicated that most people are not willing to renew their leases as a direct result of her management. She has lost rent checks, ignored complaints, discriminated against tenants, and fired her staff at whim. I would highly discourage anyone from seriously considering living in this money pit. I live in Hudson Park and it is by far the worst living experience I have had in my life. If you want to be miserable with your apartment, its management, and everyone associated with the building«s functionality, then move here. The building was built improperly (as cold air in the winter and hot air in the summer flows into my apartment throught the CLOSED windows and the ac/heating unit when it is OFF!). The managment is not responsive to the numerous letters I have written about this and other problems. They simply blow off the tenants and only concern themselves with filling the empty apartments. The apartment is completely overpriced as well. In addition, you have to pay extra for parking, even though the parking lot is part of the building. Do not move here...
The Westmont
This is the worst place ever! The hall carpets are never cleaned, the doormen lets anyone walk into the building and up to apartments,the rooftop and apartments are old and falling apart and they don't offer screens for the windows. Some tenants paid for their own screens and since it has to be custom made it costs around $150 a screen. I have spoken to people who lived in the building when the original owners were there and they were given screens free of charge but equity charges you for every single thing.Laundry room is dirty as are the washing machines and a bed bug was seen. When management was notified about the bed bug nothing was done. You definitely don't get what you pay for in this high priced building.The lobby looks like a hospital, very unwelcoming and everything is run-down. Basically, the building is over 20 years old and is showing its age plus the "amenities", which you pay $500 for are not worth it, the doormen are not even allowed to hold your keys for you when you walk out for a few minutes. IF the doormen get their act together,they clean up the place, and stop hiking up the rents to such an extreme amount then MAYBE people would stay but as of now many tenants are moving out and some are even going to break their lease because they've had enough. One long time tenant received an unusually high electricity bill and she was not even home for two weeks of the month and when she asked about it she was told a percentage is added and it's the correct amount.The only positive thing I can say about the building is that it's a great location but the building itself and every person who works there are awful. All I can say, is stay far far away! After moving in we realised that we paid a lot of money for services we didn't really used or were not needed. When the lease was about to end after 10 months the leasing office sent us a non negotiable offer to renew the lease with an increase of the rent with 6%. Other buildings in the neighbourhood offer good services for a more reasonable price and the rent in these buildings didn't go up at all. We did research on that.. and decided to move. For us it is clear that the building management is only interested in short term leasing and money. We always paid the rent on time and left the apartment in a good condition. Despite fulfilling all our obligations as tenants we are still waiting (6weeks!)for the security deposit to be reimbursed. As soon as we left the apartment the leasing office referred to internal procedures as a justification for the unreasonable delay to refund the security deposit..and there was nothing they could do about it. So far the client orientation towards former tenants. Current and future tenants, be aware! This is by far the worst rental building I have ever lived in in my life. The apartments are mediocre at best. The new renovation is a joke. They charge 20% extra rent for putting in a granite countertop in the ridiculously tiny kitchen and covering the cabinets with cheap vinyl cover that peels off in a month. Once you are in, they raise your rent by double digits every year claiming that such raise is market driven despite clear evidence to the contrary. They refuse to negotiate even when you bring an abundance of data about market prices in the neighborhood, including other apartments in the Westmont and the Key West, which are owned by the same management company. The basic business model is to try to extort existing tenants, knowing that it's a hassle to move and people are willing to overpay not to go through the trouble. After they drive you out, they end up renting it out for less than you were willing to pay, once they discover that no one else is willing to pay such inflated, outrageous prices, but that of course, does not help you at that stage.....Bottom line - it is a one year gig and it is definitely not worth it. My time at the Westmont was good overall, if you don't count all the screaming, crying, children that ran up and down the hallway on my floor. (There is a playroom for a reason people) What really left a bad taste in my mouth is that when it was time for renewal they raised the rent 12% and refused to negotiate. We were stellar tenants and the only services we used regularly was the concierge. We had a lot of packages and ordered in a lot. We hardly ever used the fitness center, or laundry facilities. We NEVER used the wifi room, party room, roofdeck, or kids playroom. We never complained. Always paid rent on time. Yet they drove us out. We obviously didn't renew the lease. They ended up leasing our unit for LESS than we were paying. Seems like bad business to me; to push out good tenants willing to pay a fair increase in rent and get unknown quality of tenants for less rent? But what do I know, right? contemptuous management set up very, very, very noisy workshop in outdoor courtyard, where workmen have been cutting building materials for well over a week--very, very loud grinding and sawing and sanding noise all day. That's it - I am LEAVING. These people are after your money. They have no respect for tenants and I kept seeing neighbor after neighbor leaving, and now it's me. They raised my rent by almost 20%! Yes you expect a hike after a year but not that much. And Jenny - she's the most awful of the lot. Completely unaccommodating, not at all personable and just terrible to deal with. The funniest thing is that I thought that I would leave and settle for a non-doorman building with less facilities but got a great building in the 80s with a doorman and everything else I had before. Archstone needs to sit up and take notice. These reviews are awful and their reputation has taken a beating. Don't rent an apartment here. Period. I have never encountered a more difficult leasing office staff in my life. They are rude, unaccommodating, unresponsive and unreliable. I payed a tremendous amount for my apartment and I can honestly say that they only good part of living here was getting out. I feel the need to warn potential renters. This is a TERRIBLE PLACE TO LIVE. If archstone had any idea what kind of place this was, they would fire everyone and hire competent people to run their office. I was a long-term tenant (over 10 years) and had very good experience until Archstone took over. Although Archstone kept the good building staff and made significant upgrades to the gym and other facilities, they raised the rents by double digits year after year and drove perfectly good tenants out (like me). Archstone is driven by quarterly stock demands so their prices do not necessarily reflect the reality of what you're getting. For example, Archstone markets and prices the Westmont as if it's a new luxury building; but just three blocks north there are actually 1- and 2-year old luxury buildings with far more amenities. And if you speak to the commercial (i.e. storefront) tenants you hear similar stories. The Westmont's location is great, just one Ave block from Central Park and two blocks from Broadway, but there are only two elevators for a sixteen-floor building (it's usually faster to take the stairs) and Archstone will sock you with a $500 non-refundable application fee, an annual $500 "amenities" fee, and double-digit rent increases after you've settled in. You definitely can do better. Ask yourself if Donald Trump would tolerate the following in one of his buildings: 1: Filthy Hallways and elevators. Used rolls of moving tape litter the hallways in the service entrance. 2: --------------- that hangs out in lobby behind the desk all hours of the day and night and comments to everybody who walks past 3: Elevator blankets left hanging in the service elevator 24/7 4: 1 of 4 elevators set to "-------" schedule to accommodate the religious needs of select few one day a week 5: So many strollers left in hallways it looks like a consignment store 6. A tent erected for a month in the garden area, which was a direct violation of our lease All this for almost $5,000 a month. When my friends come to visit they refer to Keywest "going to the projects". I guess what perplexes me so much is how a company that is so strict about getting its "pound of flesh" on time every month, and inflicts severe penalties to those who violate the rules it chooses to enforce, can be so sloppy in holding up their end of the bargain. I tried repeatedly complaining to management and I am hoping for a Christmas Miracle and something will actually be done this time. Maybe that is the problem at Keywest, if you --------------------, a whole different set of rules apply to you. In short, rents went up 30% a year with amenities being taken away (i.e. the closed the gym with no notice in October and it still has not been reopened- management is unresponsive to inquiries). Management lies and makes up stories and is trying to kick everyone out whose been here for a while so they can jack the rent. Its an expensive slum. Archstone's "community" is like "1984" everthing they say is twisted in meaning. I used to like it here, it really WAS a community. STAY AWAY. Oh yea when you move out they charge you for any nick or problem. New management is arrogant and uncaring; repairs are slow to be made....if at all. Endless construction since May 2007, no permits displayed for major construction, amenities promised and paid for in lease (fitness center, roof lounge and terrace, activities room, playroom) all unavailable due to construction...with no end in sight. Rents going up by as much as 30% is driving tenants away. Management has a fantasy it is turning this into a luxury building is a lie. RENTERS LOOK SOMEWHERE ELSE, DON'T MAKE A BIG MISTAKE. Mgmt trying to convert this to a luxury building. Old uninsulated and old parquet floors are not being changed. They're simply replacing kitchen cabinets, appliances, and the bathroom counters, and calling it luxury. (Can't call a building luxury while you've still got college kids splitting 2 and 3BRs into 4 and 5BRs.) Halls smell, dimly lit, constant stains on carpet, constant loud, vibrate-through-the-walls type construction going on (since May 2007). The fire mentioned in another post and subsequent misinformation is indicative of overall mgmt style. Just for fun, as is typical of these buildings, you can hear a lot in the halls, but here you get the pleasure of screaming children running unattended through them. Oh, and I can't run my hairdryer in the bathroom with the lights on at the same time. Here's to shoddy wiring! Doormen and other staff have been nice, if quiet overall. Great location, but mgmt is doing some strange things here. Maybe check back in a few years. Wow. Just an amazingly horrible, uncaring, and uncommunicative management. While service has continued to decline, rents have skyrocketed by 30% or more, forcing many longtime residents out of the building. They are trying to pass the building off as a luxury building, but with such poorly insulated windows, questionable building safety, and obnoxious managers, I can't imagine many people who can afford something else putting up with it. -There was a fire in the building about a month ago, and the response by the management has been worrisomely inept. The building has no fire alarm or sprinkler system, and no one was notified of the emergency. The doors to the egress stairs have not been maintained and do not close properly, which let smoke into the stairwells and through all the floors of the building. The week after the fire, they sprayed a chemical mixture to suppress the smell without notifying the residents of the chemical composition. Following some research by some diligent tenants, it was revealed that this spray contains volatile organic compounds and trace elements of lead. -Repairs are done to the building without notice, with shoddy workmanship and unsafe conditions. No permits are displayed, no air quality control methods are employed (so we have to breath construction dust), and work takes place in early morning hours. -The building amenities that got us to take an apartment here have been closed off for a couple of months for 'improvements', but aside from gutting the place and puncturing a water pipe (flooding the apartments below) no progress has been made, and no telling when we will have any access to them. I live here now, and have been very disappointed with the building since it was sold a year ago or so. The building is under construction now, and we have been getting notices with 'updates' telling us things like: "please do not use your air conditionning (in the SUMMER) and "the fitness center will be closed" - with no end dates, and with literally 1-2 days notice. It is bad enough that there is no freight elevator so that more often than not we have only one working elevator, but to not give us notice (perhaps to prevent people from complaining before its already a done deal) and to not care that they have taken away amenities that were promised to us upon signing our lease - is beyond inconsiderate. to Archstone. The price went up 30%. Not worth it. Now they're trying hard to find tenants. The area is pretty decent and the rooms are of good size. If you don't mind traffic noise and frequent siren noise, then you'll like this place. Very pet-friendly.For expensive aprtments, its amazing how the air conditioning units do not work, pretty much at all. The kitchens are disgusting. Overall, having lived there, I have never seen landlords care less about their tenants. The doormen are mostly courteous, however presently there is a younger doorman who is very rude and the management has been quite slow and ineffective in dealing with it. While it may seem not to be a big deal, the doorman plays a very important role in the building and having one that is lazy and rude make entering and leaving the building very unpleasant. 
Avalon Morningside Park
Do not live in Avalon!!! The noise of the construction area is killing me everyday from 7am in the morning to 6pm. OMG, i waste my dollar to rent a house which i do not want to stay. AGAIN, DO NOT LIVE IN AVALON!!! This is terrible. When we go to visit the room, we specifically mentioned that we are sensitive to the noise. However, just about one month later, the noise of construction area began...... I am not sure whether or not they were trying to hide the fact of the noise. But I have a feeling of being fooled. I would not recommend the building overall and he majority of the residents are mess and inconsiderate. However I love my individual apt and the neighborhood. They classify his apt building as luxury and it is not. the outside of the building is great and the location is fantastic. However the finishes inside the apartment are cheaper than what you get for the same money in other newer building (e.g. closets are wire racks, cabnits are plastic, facets are of the lowest quality. avalon morningside park is a new community in this neighborhood, and i think its great for students who go to college in this area. It has the most spacious bedrooms and bathrooms compared to almost every other building in this part. Don't expect to get your security deposit back even if the person going over the unit declares is impeccable. After 5 hours of cleaning, vacuuming, scrubbing, etc. They charged me $134 for 6 hours of 'general cleaning.' There was absolutely NOTHING to clean. They claim 8 hours of painting - this is a joke. So, be warned about your security deposit. The construction is cheesy and it is merely an illusion of safety. ANYONE can walk in and out of the building without so much as a murmur from the front desk. I would never recommend Avalon to anyone. The washing machine has no cold water, so expect all clothing to be washed in hot water, even if the label calls for a cold water wash. Once I found this apartment I thought the deal was great, but my perspective changed drastically. Upon move in, my apartment was filthy, overhead lights were blown out, and the counters were damaged by previous tenants. I luckily called downstairs to have my apartment inspected and from the sounds of it, no one completed an inspection before my move in. Not to mention, there's a pricey security deposit for cleaning after move out, so I wonder what happened? I encountered numerous difficulties thereafter. I emailed one staff member twice and didn't hear a response for days. I had to physically go downstairs at the right time and talk to that person. A more recent incident is when a teenager walked in (past the concierge may I add) and broke into someone's apartment. This person walked away red handed too. What did any of the staff do here? I honestly thought this building would be a lot safer since the rent is overpriced as it is. They now have security but it's only temporary. Before renting here, also know that the gym is $50 more per month and the yoga studio they advertise no longer exists. The ATM machine downstairs has been broken for months and they haven't made efforts to fix it. If you're looking for a good location, give this place a try, but I definitely would recommend living elsewhere. Honestly the building is fantastic, the location is great and I really enjoy living here. The apartment is very modern clean and bright with fantastic views. The biggest downside however is the staff and the valet. Staff are either incredible, or incredibly rude. Some employees/ managers are comfortable talking poorly about you in front of your face. They have openly insulted me and my roommate on multiple occasions without thinking that it is wrong. Further, the valet can be completely useless, he lost my second order for a week. That being said, the staff in the morning are fantastic and always great you with a smile even handing you your morning paper. So- recommend it but beware that the staff are not up to par with what you'd expect. current tenant. i should've listened to the negative reviews. definitely not worth the price. the door staff, laundry and a select few of the maintenance workers are amazing and friendly, some of the nicest people... probably why i'm still here. beyond that, the apartments seem nice but after less than a hand full of months of living here, everything is falling apart. the ac/ heater will turn on on its own, the smoke alarm goes off when I boil water. there's a strange loud humming noise anytime any neighbor around, above or below me turns on the hot water. the large kitchen appliances make weird noises at night. if you have kids, the one up is the facilities (gym, playroom, a bit of outdoor lawn). if you don't, get ready to have screaming children as your alarm clock. i can't wait to see what kind of shenanigans they pull on me when I move out. I do not recommend them. We stayed there 4 years. We had our personal cleaning crew clean all the apartment professionally. They still charged us $ 400 for cleaning even there was nothing to clean and they will not give us back our security deposit!! Scammers Be aware...the try to make a penny out of everything!!!!! Only a fool would rent in this building, which is made primarily of plaster and tape -- the ceiling caving in was the first clue, and of course it took a week for someone to "re-tape" the disintegrating ceiling. Windows constantly leaked, and howled with even the slightest wind. Appliances were not secured -- the dishwasher frequently roamed the tiny kitchen. It is outrageously expensive, and they'll nickel and dime you with the security deposit--they charge for nail holes! Apparently, you're not suppose to have any pictures on the wall, and if you do, they'll fall off anyway since the plaster and tape could not support even a Polaroid. Dogs roam the hallways, urinate in the building, absolutely out of control. Do not be fooled by the nice views. There were several of us in the building's gym who used to joke that "the building was a disaster waiting to happen." I was the last one of our group to get out before the building self-implodes. Although the apartments look nice, they are truly put together with low quality materials. The building is only a year old and it already looks at least 5 years old (chipping paint, scratches in the elevators, various pee stains from where dogs have relieved themselves on hallway rugs). The apartment are simply too overpriced for what they are and considering that there are very few worthwhile amenities to speak of. The staff here is truly excellent and are probably the best part of the building. However, I agree that the insulation is terrible. I hear a lot of noise from 110th, but part of the problem as well is that my neighbors let their screaming toddler run up and down the hall at various points during the day! I'd probably stay if the rent wasn't so ridiculous given the area, overall quality of the building, and lackluster amenities (that usually cost extra to even use). But given the lowered rent throughout the city b/c of the economy, I'm moving further down ASAP. Although the apartments look nice and the view is great it is a mistake to move in. The noise from 110th is horrible - the insulation is not good...all the ambulances/fire trucks going to the local hospitals etc. passes right by all day and night. The maintanence staff is poorly trained. There are often times no deskmen. To report a problem you have to use a computer system. The area is not safe. They have a lot to figure out before this ever becomes a good building, if ever (which I doubt). I would even say that those live here are not the most "professional" mix of people. I've lived in better buildings in the city for the same price. There is no reason for their lounge - you can't do work there (only 1 table suitable for work and there is music playing and you can hear the noise from the lobby). A waste in my opinion. Nothing nice in the area to do. Go futher down
Bretton Hall
The location was the only reason I moved in. The building looks great from outside, but it's not well maintained. Laundry in the basement was a huge convenience, though. The lady at the reception during the day shift was nice, but evening staff is creepy. Worst was the weekend evening assembly of the creepy doorman with all his friends in the lobby, which would freak out my girlfriends and their kids.The location is the main reason I choose it here and I like the apartment that I live in right now. However the only bad thing is the front desk lady is super AGGRESSIVE and RUDE! She is so inpatient and not respectful to ----- people. So stay away. No matter u talk nice or not nice her reply is alway unfriendly at all. On the surface the building looks good but that is where it ends. This is glitz with no substance. The pipes are a disaster and many mice running around at night. The workers can be surly and have hands out for any trivial help they may give. I have lived in New York my whole life and can honestly say that this is not a good building.Unfortunately, the only great thing about living here is the location and the fact that they allow pets. Probably because of the age of the building, there is no sound proofing and too many cracks and crevices for second hand smoke to fill your apartment. I'm a non-smoker and it is practically impossible not have clothes and bedrooms fill with smoke or other unsavory unhealthy odors from neighbors who refuse to open a window when smoking. The management is okay but it lacks a staff of professionally skilled repair people. The repair work you need may get worse or just be temporarily fixed until some major work is needed. Fast temporary and messy are good descriptions. The water pressure is good for hot water but for some reason the cold is weak so you have to have weak showers so you don't burn yourself. The building is in the process of making cosmetic improvements as well as adding fire doors, but I believe it is only being done to add MCI charges to existing rents to push out the lower renters. The newer renters are generally affluent and by and large unfriendly. I have witnessed many new tenants try to close the elevator doors to keep people from joining them in the elevator. I have lived in this building for many years (when it was a bad neighborhood) but mostly I stay because it is still my only "home" and the location has become safer and convenient. If you choose to live here, please be courteous and thoughtful of your neighbors. It goes a long way to creating a nice living atmosphere for everyone. 
The Windermere 
It's very odd how all the reviews below are so positive and posted around the same time. That's just not the case here. Despite the recent renovations, you'll find that the building never managed to reach its full potential. When there is a problem - and there are many - management is unresponsive. It could be a much better place to live with more professional and knowledgeable staff. As it is, it's very frustrating here and I'd strongly recommend looking elsewhere. I wish I had taken the advice of those who had warned me. It's been a nightmare. Literally the worst building we have ever lived in. The ariconditioning leaked twice and was never fixed during the summer. We woke up to no hot water the day before Thanksgiving. On Sunday the toilet blocked and there is no hot water to one side of the apartment when the second bathroom and kitchen are located. And, they market themselves as a luxury building. And by the way, the lifts never work properly. It is 7:00 P.M. Thanksgiving Eve. The Hot water and heat have been off since this morning. A storm is howling outside. This building had a very haphazard renovation that causes the hot water, heat, elevators etc. to malfunction on a regular basis. It is being rented as a luxury building. This is a masquerade. Look elsewhere. Just don't do it. Heat a problem in winter, Hot water in the shower hit or miss, sometimes no water with no notice. Noise from above squeeky floor boards and next door, Sewerage wafting from toilet unfixable- fills bedroom with clouds of bad smell, elevators slow and temperamental, little to no assistance in the lobby. Arec is the only one who helps. No roof deck, Gym, etc. Do not move here, unless you get one of the rent controlled spaces that are seeping electricity from the renovated ones. no amenities yet; management lies about everything, or they just don't care the renovations were done so shabbily that they are coming apart wherever you look; RATS on 92nd street every night; gray commercial carpet and GRAY appliances = terrible choice!! pool is tiny and no roof deck till winter at earliest -- for bigger apartments there are better places in the neighborhood - check 89th and 90th street. Construction has been shoddy--exposing tenants to toxic paint fumes, lead paint dust and asbestos. New tenants are moving out in droves. Management puts fancy flower arrangements at the front desk every week, but the building is run extremely poorly. The onside property manager position has been a revolving door since January 2011; we're on manager #5. Two rat violations have been issued in the past month. problems with plumbing refuse to get fixed by management. We have had the smell of sewage in our bathroom since we moved in. Management's suggestion "just open the window". Management constantly lie. Some of the workers there are very nice and they try hard, but management is difficult and obnoxious. Finish in the renovated apartments is nice, but given the issues we have faced (some have been rectified) and the fat that roof deck and pool still are not complete, these are way over priced. We get a lot of noise from above and there must be no insulation between apartments and our neighbor washes her dishes right next to our bedroom every night at 11pm.. Ugh! The best thing about building is location. Otherwise, I would not move in! There are no services on the building. Nothing works as it should even though it looks good. I can't wait for the lease to end! I have lived in this building for close to a year now. I must say, I can not wait until my lease ends. Worse mistake I've ever made. Where do I start? First off management is a joke. I've seen 2 managers and 2 supers since I've been here. The first building manager didn't have a clue as to what she was doing and the new guy is just as clueless if not more. Looks like they find these people on the corner somewhere. The first super I met was another joke. They guy didnt have a clue on what to do when he came to my apt. I come from a construction family and i am fully aware of how things work and it was sad that this guy would explain things to me that made no sense at all. The second super (in less then a year) seems promising. He seems to know what he is doing and is (unlike everyone else) concerned about helping out. Honestly, he seems to be our only hope. I doubt he will last long in this mess as it will take God himself to clean this up. Building is way under staffed. There is one handy man for a 23 story 340 unit apt building so you can imagine how backed up on work orders they are. I always only see one porter at any given time for this large building. I have seen the super on several occasions cleaning the lobby and elevators. The water situation here is unbearable. Water gets shut down constantly without notice and theres always some excuse. Having hot water is like hitting the lottery. The heat here only works for 30 mins at a time so during cold nights we all freeze for 30 mins in every hour. Theres an infestation of silver fish that the exterminator himself said he can't control. Construction workers are rude and loud. They leave a mess everywhere they go for the one porter or super to clean. I was promised a roof deck and pool months ago and still till this day nothing. I have been to the basement and roof and it is clear that they are 6 months away at the least which would mean that I went through my entire lease without having the amenities i was promised and have been paying for. They gave me a year long membership to the equinox gym which should have rose a flag for me but leasing promised that the pool and gym would be available for use soon. Leasing has force fed this apt to me and everyone else renting in this building. I would never recommend a building like this to anyone.... EVER!!!! noisy and dirty construction is ongoing and no end in sight. floods happen often, no hot water, no cold water, no notice - no roof deck, swimming pool is a joke - mice and bugs like never before - terrible management - 3rd new super in last 12 months - workers always getting fired. The building smells awful to say the least. There is not real trash chute but garbage is located at the emergency stairs. We've been without water for 10 days in January. My heat never hasn't work properly. The concierge is a joke, they don't even keep your fresh direct boxes for an hour. The elevators don't work a lot of times and when they do you have to plan ahead because they take so long. There're no amenities so far, and I wonder if they are really working on that. More than have the building still have the old tenants that damage the little things that are done and are very happy to shout out loud to the people you have over how stupid you are paying what you paid when they pay 300 dollars a month. This is for sure the worst building to live in, a nightmare!!! I wish I saw this website before I moved in. I only searched it because I wanted to see if I was crazy or the only one that feels like they were sold a dream and trapped in a nightmare. Youre better off in a walkup with no amenities. These apartments are way overprized. Building is horrible and management completely ignores your concerns. I wish someone had warned me, stay away! building management is poor. latest indignity is that we have had no mail service at the building now for almost three weeks. management rearranged the mailboxes, apparently without coordinating with the post office. management posted a notice in the lobby, in which it lied to the tenants, and falsely blamed the stoppage in mail service on the hurricane. no idea when mail service will be restored. this is the first time that i have lived in a building without mail service. I moved here a couple months ago..Silver fish infestation on many floors and exterminator cant do anything because there is to much construction going on they said to fix it, only one handyman for whole building so work orders are backed up, construction never ending, amenities that were to be completed by fall 2012 have all signs that showed that, changed to "coming soon." Building Manager is a late twenty/early thirty something inexperienced manager etc. The worst thing is even the building superintendent couldn't handle all the issues of this building and walked off the job for good a few days ago...The mix of old and new tenants are fine. Many old tenants are nice and engage in conversation with you, albeit to commiserate with you about the short comings of the building etc. If you are going to spend close to 3 grand a month on a place look at one that is completed and newer. You will be happy you did. As far as construction noise, in the apartment you cannot really hear much on the floors that are mostly done. The front desk at night is non existent. The guy usually hides in the back so he can play on his laptop and doesn't sit at the desk so anyone can just go through...I believe the long term tenants. If I was not living here already, I would not move here. Unfortunately, most of the negative comments are true. There are better bldgs on the UWS.most over-priced studio apartments on the UWS; hallways are institutional gray with gray carpet everything is gray; elevators always out of service; there is no roof garden, there is no child playroom; there is no swimming pool; there is no gym; there is no library - it is all marketing fiction!!with the demolition of apartments, there has been an infestation of bugs, flies, gnats, etc.: just like today, the elevators break down far too often - they refurbished the interior, but not the mechanics of the elevators --- most of the workers seem unhappy & unfriendly except when the administrators are around - ugly scaffolding has been up around the building for over 3 or 4 years. New tenants are footing the bill for all improvements, although any so-called amenities are still just a fiction. Rent controlled/stabilized make up 90% of the tenants, and their electric usage, a/c, heat, etc., is all included in their low rent. New tenants will pay super high costs for monthly metered utilities when management completes installing this new "improvement". The only improvement in the electric is for the management who will bill new tenants for their utilities. Don't believe them that there has been any problem with previous electric. A sucker is born every minute.The rent stabilized and rent control tenants make this building seem awful, but it's not. They like to complain about everything!! They set up a table in the lobby and people who don't belong to their tenants' association are made to feel like outcasts!! It's like OWS, the 99% against the 1%. Even if the management is okay, who really wants to live in a building where there is so much ill-will!!!!they lose packages and deliveries at the front desk; the concierge will not stop anyone from entering the building; the building management is dreadful and seem to not care about the comfort, safety, or cleanliness of the hallways and stairways; everything is staged in the cyber world, but the reality is a lot starker for the tenants who live here; it seems most regret moving here shortly thereafter - this is what I have observed. Metal doors that slam shut with a bang! Poor management that seems designed to appear upscale but really is annoying and inconsiderate. There is no roof garden. Other than a beautiful lobby that was there before the new owners took over, nothing that they advertise actually exists. I agree that anyone considering living here should speak to long time residents 1St or they may regret moving here!!!!!! Sorry to write this but this place is so poorly managed it should be a crime. Still under construction. constant noise and dust. Management ignore the tennants. water breaks, power breaks, elevator breaks. you name it. Trust me, stay away. you could be in the middle of a shower & your water goes off; you come home & notice that someone has been in your apt. w/out informing you metal doors that create noise and don't keep out sound; there are so many problems with the management of this bldg!!! you need to speak to several long-term tenants who are not staged. can't believe all the marketing nonsense you now read about this place; just recently told that someone saw a huge rat the building is beautiful pre-war, but most of the renovations have been disliked by the current tenants, like the fixtures in the lobby which show the poor taste - life has been difficult because of noise, electric and plumbing shut downs without notice, etc.
Coso Apartments
The worst place ever. The apartment is dirty and extremely small. A lot of rats and cockroaches in the apartment. The washer and dryer are more than 20 years old and can't work properly. Never think about taking your deposit back. They have a thousand reasons to deduct it.The worst place ever! WonÕt even give one star! There were mouse and roaches in the apt, and the manager didnÕt care about that and didnÕt help to solve the problem, especially when there was one month left before your contract ended. He just ignored your emails! Very expensive and very bad place to live. terrible management company, apartment was fine, everything regarding paperwork and billing is a mess, i dont know how they function. The worst apartment I have ever lived in my life. I couldn't believe they often have no hot water. It happens at least once a week, especially at night. When you come back from work and wanna take a hot shower before you go to bed, but there's no hot water. This place is not worth the price $$ !! TERRIBLE!!Moved in December 1st and the unit had a defective washer and dryer, it hasn't been repaired yet and head office doesn't return calls back to give you any ETA.Been living in a CoSo property for nearly 3 years. Management is slow to fix things, and lots of issues with a newly renovated apartment, which you would expect to have no issues. Their newly renovated buildings are nice, but overpriced (they also say they are not rent controlled, although legally they should be). It's not worth the headaches and stress that living in these units causes. I've had 4 different property managers in my time as a resident, clearly an issue with upper management retention rates of their employees. Leaving at the end of my lease and never coming back.I just want to express how extremely frustrated and disappointed I am with Coso. IÕve been here two years and despite my repeatedly telling numerous employees that I wanted to renew my lease, it was given to someone else. Not to mention a fiasco last year in which they treated me like a new tenant and told me the DAY BEFORE the new lease was due that I had to redo everything - the application, the guarantor, etc. I nearly had a breakdown because I couldnÕt get paperwork on time and they wouldnÕt let me and the other five roommates into the apartment despite us all having paid the deposit/1st month. I ended up having to promise to pay 3 months up front. IÕve never caused any trouble and IÕve always paid my rent. ItÕs Aug 27th and I still havenÕt found a new place and itÕs because of this office giving away my room that IÕm in a terrible position. The agent they assigned me did not work with enough urgency to find me a new room, and failed to mentioned when another apartment I wanted became full. 
PS - They will randomly throw roommates together. I had a literal garbage hoarder for a roommate last year and they REFUSED to help because it was a Òroommate disputeÓ, even though this resulted in roaches, mice, and a stench from the room. PPS - donÕt ever have anything expensive mailed to you because it WILL get stolen. The cameras in the hallway are a joke.PPPS - and the fiasco starts anew! Late morning of Aug 31st, the last day of the lease, the office decides to tell us that we must be out by 5 pm that day. Well it was news to me and the other remaining roommate (we were left alone by our other roommates to clean the entire apartment, but thatÕs a separate issue). The super called a few times to pressure us. I called COSO and they told me the 5 Pm deadline was on the lease. So OK, I miss work and I RUSH to move my remaining items to a FIVE-STORY WALKUP. Instead of taking my time I tried valiantly and failed to make it to 5 Pm. Lucky for me, COSO gave me until 7:30!! So 7:30 rolls around and the super is at our door asking for the keys. We are still not ready. He tells us we will face late fees and leave. I take this moment to sit down and read through our lease and... THERE WAS NO 5 PM DEADLINE MENTIONED ANYWHERE!!! I was straight up LIED to by the office!!! I suffered both a vertigo episode and an asthma attack due to the intense strain of moving all my stuff out and to the five-story walk up. It was a really awful thing to put stress on me like that, to LIE to me and my roommate, for no reason. The nerve of these people is outstanding.PS for the price I paid to live in this building, the hallways were often absolutely filthy. LATER EDIT: IÕm adding this because IÕm still salty about it and canÕt believe I left it out initially; one of the employees brought a group of people into our apartment for a showing - WITHOUT TELLING US. We were NOT home at the time and NOT informed beforehand. Our front door was unlocked to let strangers in, and possibly our bedroom doors were opened as well. One of the people touring without permission stole a $400 set of headphones from one of my guests who left it in the living room. Not one employee apologized or did anything about it.When moving out, we put some garbages on the yards of our building cause there was no space for those outside. To compensate, Coso skimmed $3000 out of our deposits. They are such an amazing company. If you want to live in the worst place where super is seldom responsive and the company is always seeking to extort from residents, don't hesitate to make a contract with Coso.Not safe place to live. The delivered packages always disappeared. Theft broke the lockbox and stole the keys. Manager never helped to check the security cameras. You need have great patient to wait for the repair if something broken. It is very old building. Toilet often clog, bathtub drain not working, door knobs drop, even the tiles loosing, ...When we moved in, the brand new apartment had lot dust. They never clean the windows for decades. I am so regret rented the apartment. The current Coso apartment I'm staying at is 20 W 101st street. Right across from my building is the projects. It's super loud every night as people sit on sidewalk and have parties. Just a terrible neighborhood. This appartment is overpriced. The apartment lobby is dirty and packages get stolen. I do not recommend moving in with Coso, biggest mistake.Worst ever. Superintendent does not call back. Made death threats. Nothing fixed. Late in replying. Will do anything to take advantage of tenants. The WORSTThey manage lots of property around Columbia. Took 4 months to get security back. Also they don't use technology so I had to walk to their office to drop the check.SHADY management company. Check rent history. They have a history of kicking out rent stabilized tenants, conducting fake renovations and then illegally raising rent. Management is belligerent and rude (Harry, Tom). Also Tom stalked my ex room mate by showing up at her parent's apartment. Save yourself and look at buildings that aren't owned by the Orbach group (Coso)DO NOT RENT FROM THEM. Fellow Columbia studens and other potential renters: This was the worst living experience of my life. The buildings are overpriced and they seem to prey on people moving to the city for the first time. The apartment we rented was supposed to be brand new, but the tv had a massive crack in it, the dishwasher broke within a month, and the washer/dryer unit didn't dry. At the end of the year, we had no contact from the building manager, and when we finally did, he had entirely different expectations than the people at the office about what we needed to have done to get our security deposit back. He was also super rude and defensive when I asked questions about those expectations. Columbia should blacklist this place for students.Do not move into these buildings.  Management keep these buildings in disgusting conditions.  Their buildings are riddled with vermin, mice, bedbugs, roaches and more mice.  There is also theft that takes place in the buildings with mail that is delivered from on-line companies.  There is no security and corrupt management.  Do Not move in, you will regret for the rest of your live.I was a tenant, and the supers of my apt are rude shameless creepy people. one day I removed a table from my apt in the morning, a super was on the street and doing some cleaning work, he saw we(me and my friend)were moving a table, and asked us whether we are moving, we said yes. We put the table on the street, then we came to my apt, 2 mins later, he came to my apt, he open my door by using his key!!!!!! Without my permission!!!!! He broke into my apt without my permission and by using his key!!!!! Unbelievable!!!! He said we throw something on the street last evening, and he got ticket, he asked us to pay him 100 dollars!!! What's worry with him!!! He didn't show us anything to proof his word, just asked us to pay him money!!! Is he crazy?!! And I asked him to get out my apt, but he didn't!!! He also yelled to us to pay him 100 dollars! He even can't speak English, I can't completely understand what he was saying! He just repeated 100 dollars , 100 dollars, and asked me to pay him!!! About 10mins later he left! And when I left apt, he stopped me on the front door, still asked to pay him!!! And another super came, to translate his word to me in English, and I could understand what he was saying, and I told him I never threw anything in the evening!!!  I have no idea why he 100% believed I threw something on the street in the evening!!! Does he have mental problem?!! Why he believe he can come to my apt by using his key and without my permission!!!!! that's my apt, I paid for it!!!  And I told this to coso, but never got response. they just like monopoly company, because they own most apts around columbia uni, so you have no choice, but rent apt from them to live near uni.  shame on them!!! wish them go to hell.Price is too high. Rude super, finding any excuses not to return deposit. DON'T CHOOSE COSO unless you have absolutely no choice: stolen packages, mice, tiny windows and easily-broken utilities. Horrible. Oh. And did I mention that they're racist? They had a history of randomly breaking Chinese students' mailboxes and asking money for repair. What a shame that this kind of company exist in New York. They are the worst, unhelpful, don't care about the tenants or the building. They wait years to repair anything. I want to give zero star if possible. This guy made an appointment to show me a fake one and stood me. And another guy called me saying they just found out that one is not available yet and try to bring me to their office. Never trust these guys. Scam. such a rude company. yelling at customers with no patience. no worth for a second look. No pipe heat in my room! Cold as hell!
The Lyric luxury Apartments
Beware of a possible rental scam with this property. After you complete an application online and the $100 application fee, they call and say that the application can not be completed online. You have to do a paper application and try to get you to pay $10,000.00 to do the application with all these fees. Contacted NYPD to file a scam report, they were already aware of this scam. Not sure if it is the property itself or some one else but BEWARE dont get taken.
The Paris New York
Currently renting and I cant wait for my lease to be finished. I do not think Stellar Management really care about this building. Many things went wrong on my first week when I moved here, only after 45 days the apartment was fixed with all the problems we had. I been promised things from the leasing office that in the end just disrepair because they were not on the contact, I tired to reach the legal team few times but no one contact us at all, I been promised to get few letters from them but nothing happen. I am still waiting. You can hear anything from the hallway and neighbors next door, shower drain need to be treated ones a month, old pipes, old building, missing mail and I can continue on and on, I can say one thing positive its close to the express line. Horrible building bad management, superintendent has bad customer service experience and barely knows anything about being a resident manager. Of course itÕs all covered up by his pals in Managment.
West 96th Apartments
ABSOLUTELY WORST MANAGEMENT COMPANY in Manhattan.  Think twice before leasing here or with any Equity Residential building.  They will rob you BLIND.  There is absolutely no loyalty to tenants who want to stay in the building after your initial lease is set to expire.  After 5 years in the building, we were still asked to pay almost $200 more a month to renew, were then given an adjusted renewal offer at "under market value" of our unit, and when we didn't renew, they listed our apartment for LESS than we had been paying for the last year.  When we moved out, we had a professional cleaning crew come in and Equity deducted almost $100 from our security deposit for "cleaning."  They will nickel and dime you for every cent you have.  WORST MANAGEMENT COMPANY I've ever had in almost 11 years of renting in Manhattan.The 5 star reviews must be paid for. They building cuts corners on everything and do not maintain their buildings properly. The appliances in the apartment are always failing and it's impossible to get ahold of management. Also, they nickel and dime you for everything. On top of rent you have to pay other fees for sewage and other things that I have never heard of before. They also have a 2 month breakage fee if you want to leave or make you pay out the remainder of your lease. I have never dealt with such terrible management in my 11 years in the city.
The Monterey
Applied for apartment but it was in litigation for bad damage by prior tenants. Neighbors even moved out because of those bad tenants. I was told everything. Even risk of mold. I said I would be fine although I had pulmonary condition because I was sure owner management would have environmental certification befirecabd after renovation. Agent said safer for me to rent other unit. I said I'll take first. Ready. I also said my service animal pet fee is waived. This was totally unknown to agent. Comment was made they were charging a service animal owner. Th e owner was called. Agent returned said I would have fee waived My daughyet came next day paid occupant applicatiib. for both of us. Told second unit will be ready after normal scheduled rrnovation. Told not to worry would know date move in both next day Monday June 5. My move in was flexible as third home. June 30 or July etc didn't matter. Next day heard nothing. Offered an amount to negotiate on units. Ultimately received message management denied application after telling me my unit. I believe they did not want me in mold pidfible init as I would have had it checked once in my possession. They had no interest in having it checked. no one would know had bad damage and water damage. And they were worried I would have told a person with service animal legally can not be charged. So that is why they withdrew my apt and owner of building probably told the pleasant duped building lease agent at beginning when theyvsaod gee waived and gave me three days of run around. I have notice for my aptcand lost a great apt because we signed for these two Stay away from cormer of east 96 and 3 rd and be worried about one bedroom apt ask if had water damage on bathroom and get room tested. Immediately on taking possession and of fails tell owners.I moved to the Monterey when Related owned/managed the building and it was fabulous. Not only was it well maintained, the employees were incredibly responsive and the resident manager always responded to your questions or concerns. This is NOT the case anymore and I would definitely NOT recommend this complex. Property/Maintenance is now simply kept to a bare minimum of cleanliness, ie the trash rooms are only emptied once a day and less than that on weekends on holidays. This means it is overflowing -- these are large floors and most of the residents have children so the Amazon boxes of diapers and formula are a huge trash room issue. Tenants -- a huge change. This is now a very loud family building. You can't get on the elevators because there are always two strollers in there. The children play in the hallways and management doesn't seem to think this is a problem. Roofdeck -- take a good look at the furniture and the cushions. The cushions are burned with cigarette holes and are so dirty you would never sit on them. The wood dividers and the wood decking is ruined by the children who play up here with their toys and make a huge mess. The maintenance crew works so hard (they are the most amazing people who are truly dedicated to trying to clean up this place) but it need to be overhauled. And there is NO WIRELESS in any of the common areas despite the fact that management keeps telling prospects that there is. Mngt - they do NOT respond to any emails, etc. You must go to the office and then they simply tell you there is nothing they can do. The good employees have left. and so have most of the long term residents who were here with Related. Most new residents are international with big families. Please don't waste your hard earned money.I currently live here and do NOT recommend this apartment building to others. The hallways constantly smell like pot and they are always doing construction on nearby apartments which makes it difficult to nap my child. The walls are very thin and you hear sirens from ambulances and fire trucks all day and night. You can rarely get a washer or dryer and often spend hours doing laundry waiting for an open machine. Even with the new dryers, your clothes do not dry fully. The elevators are frequently out of service so you will spend a large amount of time waiting for an elevator in the morning and evenings. I wish I had not renewed my lease with the new management.The lease renewal in this building is a headache. Its a different face that you see when it comes the time for renewal. They don't listen. Otherwise the building is nice, but the new management is not like related management and most of the tenants feel the difference now. The new management is not good. If you are looking for 1 yr lease - its a great place, but more than a year term I generally like to think of how much importance/care the building management pays to current residence and relationships. So please be mindful of that. If you don't care of how much the increase would be next year and willing to pay whatever they ask for - then you should be fine!I have lived in this building for 2 1/2 years. When Related managed the building, I couldnt say enough. They handled every problem on the spot, gave you updates, and contacted you on a daily basis if necessary to make sure any arising problems were being resolved. Related sold the building in June 2013 and there is a new management company. They are horrible! I have made several requests to speak with the property managers about issues I am having in the last 6 months (I've sent emails and left messages)but they completely ignore your requests are completely useless. The building itself is very nice and I do love my apartment, but having to deal with the new management company is extremely infuriating and frustrating.All the bad reviews that you could read about The Moneterey are for a reason... The odor of smoke that other reviews point out are totally true. The room were my kids slept was constantly smeling not cigarrete smoke, but MARIJUANA! It is crazy that on an apartment like this you would have this problem, but I had to cut my lease short (which was incredibly expensive) because I couldn't stand my kids sleeping on a room that smelled MARIJUANA. The Management was totally aware of this issue and their "solution" was to post a sign asking tenants not to smoke marijuana (ridiculous). After several complaints they attached something below my door (so the smell in the corrider wouldn't enter the apartment), but the walls are so thin (and the quality so poor) that the smell filtered even from the plugs!! A certain percentaje of the building is rented to people with low income. They don't tell you this when you sign the lease but you will figure it out on your first day! Be prepared to have someone next door who is paying a fraction of what you are paying, and who will do things that are not appropiate (just like smoking marijuana). The staff (specially the leasing office and the "Residential Specialist") has no manners. They will pretend to be friendly your first week, but you will see how rude they become when you have a request or even when you have to renew your lease. They will do whatever in their means to rip you off. Also, you could forget about your security deposit. They will find an excuse to steal that money from you. I left the building in May due to their inhability to solve the issue related to my neighbours smoking marijuana, and they charged me cleaning fees, painting fees, administrative fees and some other fees to steal that security deposit from me. I can assure you that the apartment was in mint conditions. There are good options out there. I lived in 3 other buliding before this one (including the Symphony House in midtown West which is highly recommendable) and I can tell you that for the same money you can get something much better.I don't live in this building, but using the building's health club. Encountered a disgusting staff in the health club front desk last Sunday and this morning. I was planning to go swimming early this morning, and only be told that they couldn't provide a towel to me until 1 hour later. The round faced white young lady, with a cold iron face, pointing to a A4 sign on the desk, saying "we put up a sign already." Come on, I don't come everyday, who knows when you put up the sign? And will that kill her to show me a smile. Also, shouldn't the management try to arrange a small batch of towel to be ready in the morning, as they don't have many people using the club from 6:00am anyway. This simple no towel means 30 minutes walking back and forth for me, and I'm only supposed to use the pool for 20 minutes a time. Do they really have their customers in mind? Don't like it. Won't renewl my membership with them this year. This building is terrible from start to finish. Of course Related is in this business to make money...I get that...but they are also in the business of providing safe, clean, well maintained homes to their residents. That's what they do. That said the office staff treats you terribly. They behave more like you owe them something. I've lived in 2 other buildings in NYC over the past 10 years and while none were perfect, they were both far superior to this place. Prices are ridiculous and they have no sense of treating long time tenants well. Just a bad feeling from start to finish. I lived here from 1992 to 2003. My rent for a SE facing 1/1 started at $1,450 and when I moved out I paid about $1,800.00. I recently looked up the building to see what my old apartment would go for and I was shocked at what they were trying to charge for rent. The building was ok when it was new in 1992 but the management NEVER replaced the appliances in my 11 years living there... the only 'upgrade' they did was to install smaller toilets. The neighborhood frankly sucks... I would usually go to the west side for dinner and nightlife (I did hang out at the Outback and Ski Bar when those were around though). If you're considering "Dormandie Court" then this is probably an upgrade, but if you are out of your 20's then do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Oh, and the sirens... wow... forget about it.I have been a tenant here for 2 years and I just can't wait for my lease to end so that I can move out. Besides Stephen who does his job in this chaotic building, office staff are just unbearable (particularly one from the leasing office who recently left to another building - others will suffer now). It is a noisy, poorly maintained and unfriendly place. And on top of all things, they raised the rent when the rest of world goes down. Bottom line - Don't move here!! There are so many better priced options out there! I just moved out after being a loyal, always-on-time rent paying tenant for 2 years. I, too, had the problems with the cigarette smoke infesting the hallways and coming into my apartment. Management did NOTHING about it for months and months.. then finally sent a handyman to install a cheap $2 door-sweep under my door and some 99 cent weather stripping around my door...all while asthma and allergies caused me to be miserable. Gee, thanks. $4295 a month for that. When it was time for lease renewal, I was offered an INCREASE in rent.. in THIS economy. No thanks! I offered to stay if they lowered the rent, and the greedy management said to take a hike. I did. Guess what? The apartment is STILL sitting there unrented. They've lost in 2 months what they could have gotten from me in concessions by lowering my rent to a representative rate. I moved to the upper west side and got a better deal in a better neighborhood in a less corporate-greed-minded building. I am in the process of suing Related Rentals for the defects in the building that cause horrible odors, cigarette smoke, and ANY SOUND YOU CAN POSSIBLY THINK OF to infiltrate neighboring apartments. Read your lease CAREFULLY. They now put a clause in there that you agree NOT to sue them if there are odors, cigarette smoke, etc as a result of any building defect. Other problems are the doormen/porters have low morale because of iron-fisted techniques the management is using on them (moving long-time day employees to the night shift, asking them to do things way out of the ordinary, etc). Also, I could write volumes on the elevators. Be prepared to wait.. wait..and WAIT longer. Even after the elevators were "fixed" they were still a problem with skipping floors, opening halfway, and suddenly shooting up to the penthouse level randomly. Finally..they've hired some 20-something arrogant, slick salespeople to work in the leasing office who know nothing about customer service or genuine behavior. For the money (TOP of the market rent rate for MUCH less than "luxury" features) you can certainly do better, especially in this borderline neighborhood near Spanish Harlem. There are some long-time residents in the building who are loud, uncouth, and chain smoking, pot-smoking people who congregate in the stairwells at all hours of the night and have been caught smoking in the hallways and stairwells many times (again..nothing was done to stop this). This company is concerned with only one thing.. making a buck at the expense of all decency, tact, and good business practices. I will be among the other droves of residents who will be moving out when my lease is up. In the past years in true Related Rentals style, they have raised rents as high as humanly possible, charging in the $5000 range for 2/2's and into the $3500 range for 1/1 BRs in a building that doesn't even have properly working elevators (this has been a problem for months and months... and they continue to give us lame excuses). The management has some great people and some REALLY bad ones as well. Overall, I think you can do better in the neighborhood (bordering spanish harlem) if you want to pay this much for a rental. The other problem that has plagued us is the unacceptable amount of noise, cigarette smoke and smell of whatever people are cooking that seeps into your apartment. if you get a neighbor who smokes forget it... i know at least 4-5 people in the building who are moving out upon lease expiration simply because the ventilation is so poor that chain smoking fumes and the smell of cooked fish sticks pours into your apartment. We have lived in this building for 4 years and it has gotten progressively worse. The worst thing about this building is that the elevators do not work. At peak times you have to wait sometimes for even upto 20 minutes. It is very frustrating and the management is not really addressing the problem. Do not recommend this place at all. All my friends in the building are moving out and I am considering it myself as I see no signs of improvement on the elevators. A waste of my money - several things wrong with this place but I'm too frustrated as it is to even go into detail as to why I wish I did not live here.This just isn't a luxury-level building though it promotoes itself as being one. The most upsetting thing happened a little over a year ago. A person that was a guest of a resident broke into someone else's apartment and jumped out the window. He killed himself after threatening other residents and the building acted like nothing happened. A couple of people on the management staff completely ignored that it was an issue that should be addressed or commented on.Apathetic management, thin walls (any and every sound transmits both sideways and up/down - you can hear other tv/music from across apartments), loud elevators (1st time in manhattan i have seen elevators make loud "tocks" when crossing every floor - whats up with that??), poor maintenance. Overall I have been very disappointed with the building. Oh, did i say thin walls again?? Its as if they put up pieces of paper to demarcate units.
The Chesapeake
The Chesapeake at 345 east 94Th is a cesspool. Rat will run across lobby with front desk attendant laughing and ignoring, cockroach sitting idle by resident elevator bank are common. We had cockroaches come out by the sprinkler heads in our kitchen. The water outages are often and last for days. The staff is nasty. We regretted moving in from the day after we moved in and fought to get out of the lease. Left within 4 months, the Chesapeake is truly a disgusting hovel. You will live in misery and pay ridiculous prices and regret it if you move in. Be guided accordingly. The Chesapeake located at 345 east 94Th is a disgustingly dirty and trouble ridden property, particularly the 6th floor the building suffers from Fetner properties running thin almost non existent budgeting whereby the leasing staff also doubles as cleaning staff and the front desk attendant doubles as garbage staff and porters The building is riddled with rats and cockroaches also the plumbing particularly on the 6th floor is problematic with constant toilet clogs and sewage leaks and floods in fact the entire 6th floor flooded several apartments with raw sewage Also the building is in the process of converting to gas so there was 9 months of heat and water outages also the building is on a block which is deemed to be unsafe by the neighborhood residents. DO NOT MOVE HERE! This property is absolutely terrible. Enjoy luxury prices for incredibly poor services. ACs old and broken, water shut offs without notice, noise and constant construction, smokers paradise, rude maintenance that don't listen and yell , etc. Enjoy your hot NYC summer when they refuse to replace your 20 year old AC (that leaks and smells like mold )and your apartment feels like a sauna. Please, take your money elsewhere. Oh, and walls are paper thin and you can smell and hear every conversation or cigarette that's lit. This isn't luxury what so ever. Worst management I've ever experienced. You've been warned. This building is undergoing a 3 year renovation, so guess what that means? Apparently, 15% annual rent increases, intermittent elevator service ( gets old when you have to walk UP 15 flights, never mind the walk down. Laundry units work intermittently also. There are far better buildings in the neighborhood, for less money, to have to deal with this nonsense. A major pipe bursted on the 7th Floor on February 15th 2016. Everything down was flooded and destroyed, including renters personal possessions. The Building management company - Fetner - did not treat the issue with urgency, consideration and respect - people's livelihoods were affected! - it deserved. Full blow construction on site now. Be aware - dust, unsanitary and unsafe. Mold issues to come - can not be otherwise given the water saturation level and the light measures being taken. Awful apartment building. More expensive than other apartments in the area and far less amenities. Constant maintenance issues including no air conditioning for months at a time, recent bed big infestation, mice. Unsafe neighborhood. Noise level (both external from the construction and internal) has gotten much worse. Far away from everything. Can be better maintained. I smell my neighbors cookings all day long! have only bad experiences from my stay here. especially the administrative staff are not to be trusted. The construction may seem nice at a first glance but is really bad, trust me. Do not trust the leasing officer! I will list my most asinine experience with this building. I hope anyone that reads this come to a conclusion themselves and think if it's worth the remorse. 1. Impolite Staff, Super and Management. During the morning rush hours, the doormen block the last doors leading from the lobby to the outside. They are suppose to be holding the doors for you but most of the time, they are so consumed in chatting with each other at the door, that they do not notice that you need to get through. I mostly find myself saying excuse me just to get through them and open the door myself and getting outside. 2. It is your duty to check your packages at the lobby attendants regularly. They will not notify you at all. A friend of mine left a surprise gift fruit basket for our family at the lobby. She called me a few days later and when I asked the lobby attendant, the food basket "never arrived". 3. If you need "small" repairs done please ask the repairmen directly. He can be seen sometimes in the building. Do not bother asking the front desk since they will just tell you to call Management who in turn tells you to contact the front desk. 4. If you need medium/large refurnishing repairs done you will need to contact and ask the Supervisor. When speaking with the Supervisor you will need to put up with his "I do not owe you anything" tone. Most of the time he will not want to repair something and just give you the run around by telling the Rules and Regulations of Building Management. If you are going to move in please check all your heaters, gas, electric sockets, etc. Otherwise you will have to deal with the Supervisor's disrespectful attitude and verbal comments. 5. They recently added a Building Link System where you can electronically check packages arrived at the Lobby and make maintenance requests to the Supervisor. After this system was set in place, whenever I asked something to be done, the staff told me to make an official request via the online account. Speaking from experience, getting the online account is a slow and troublesome process. According to Building Rules, every new tenant must make a new account. In order to make the account you will have to fill out forms and bring them to "Building Management" and pay a subscription fee. Then you will have to wait while they supposedly "process" it. As of current, you need this account to request any help from the Building Staff. 6. If you are thinking of buying a condo here, prepare to pay "Fees for Amenities". Amenities which are non-existent in my opinion because for example, if you buy groceries and they see you with your hands full, they will just avoid you altogether. It is your duty to get the service trolley from the backdoor and bring it outside, load your groceries on it and bring it back up to your apartment. Don't forget to bring the trolleys back down as soon as possible! 7. Very Noisy during Spring and Summer as there are parties at the 3rd Floor Balcony. I love parties but sadly the windows in this building are not soundproof when you want to take a nap. You will hear a lot of noise coming down from the 3rd floor open balcony even if you live all the way up. Also, other balconies of surrounding buildings are very close. You will enjoy the random drunk party noises at night from those balconies. 8. A lot of the tenants are young party people. The walls are not built to be soundproof. If it's New Years, Halloween, or any people "Event" holiday, be prepared for some ear melodies if you decide to stay in. 9. The lobby attendants never greet you unless you greet them first. It seem as if they try to avoid you since most of the time, they turn their backs towards the elevators where tenants stroll out to leave the building. At night they will stay in the dark unlit package room behind the front desk just so they don't have to say Hi. Sometimes coming home feels cumbersome because of the attitude/atmosphere of the front desk staff. WOULD NOT RENT THIS IF I WOULD KNOW WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE FROM THE INSIDE. My biggest problem is location. It is really too far from anything - subway is away too far and you walk uphill; no any stores in the immediate neighborhood - again you need to walk a number of long blocks to the pharmacy or to get food/produce. Noise from the street and the subway construction - which is not going to improve in the near future, is my second problem. Third, how really dirty the laundry and gym are. Simply discusting. Some neighbors are quite wierd as well. Cant wait to get out. They certainly sell it well, but really, be aware and get things in writing if you do decide to try this - they do lie. The super and his family bring down the building. They get more benefits than tenants do.The others workers are fine until they get mis treated.The super is not a good moral booster. Makes you want not to come home at sometimes. Has not been here for 5 months yet but had to deal with water leaks from the upstairs appartments TWO times!!! Common areas are not clean. Laudry facility is old and very very DIRTY! Very noisy and far from subway and bus. The super is completely lazy and never fixed Anything. The management doesn't care if the super fixes anything. They have teenage boys keeping you safe at night instead of real doormen, And the building is right next to the ------. The neighborhood construction has ruined most of the restaurants and neighborhood over-all. it's NOISY. The rent is Way too high for what you get. I do NOT recommend living at The Chesapeake on 94th st. Stay Away, you have been warned. Way too expensive for an average building across the street from the projects and a huge hike up hill to get to the 6 train. The street can be very desolate at night. Also, if you had a dog, they made you use the service enterance and bypass the front hall and doorman. As a woman, I paid more for the doorman service/building b/c of the security factor. I felt that being forced to take my dog out late at night throught the dim service enterance compromised my safety...I felt I was not able to take full advantage of the doorman service late at night, which I was certainly paying quite a bit for! Minus the nice decor of the lobby, and terrace , this building is horrible. Completely rude ,arrogant and unreliable staff. Have been living in the Chesapeake for one year and love the building. Our apartment is huge, the building is always clean, and the staff is friendly. The terrace is very nice, laundry room is always clean and functional. The gym needs to be updated. There are two parking garages across the street, but you can usually find a spot on the street. The reason we will be moving out is due to the insane rent hike. Rent is going up 15 %. My apartment, while pricey to begin with, is now grossly overpriced. If they're going to start charging these rents they should update the appliances, fixtures, and the gym. ok building, un atentive staff, ok neighborhood. they increased the rent 30% which is insane. 


