The Sagamore
The Sagamore was a wonderful choice for our family. The staff is wonderful. Maintenance is prompt and efficient. The amenities sparkle, and the people in the office go over and above the call of duty to help with anything and everything. In addition, they make every effort to incorporate the residents into the community through regular building events. We are very happy here. We absolutely love living here. The building's amenities are well worth it and the staff is incredibly responsive to anything you need. We've been so impressed with the true community feel of this building--it's so very rare to find in New York. We love coming home to the Sagamore.I love this community because the staff is so warm and welcoming. Also, the building has many open spaces accessible to all residents, which creates a nice sense of community. The views from the rooftop are stunning! Overall, I am very satisfied with my experience at The Sagamore. Wow! If I could give more stars I would. The building is impeccably maintained, everyone is super nice and friendly that works here, and the units themselves are beautiful. The management staff truly puts customer service first and you feel like they are always working with you to solve any problem that may arise. It is the best building on the Upper West Side! Simply put, the Sagamore is the best kept secret on the UWS. If you don't believe me, come see it for yourself and say what's up to the lovely doormen. Living here is like living in a hotel, the amenities are immaculate and the people are friendly and respectful.We are new tenants at The Sagamore and our experience thus far has been excellent. Specifically, Caroline Burns was incredibly helpful during our apartment search process and made us feel extremely welcome once we moved in. The warm community is unmatched, ranging from the friendly doormen to the in-house management. Caroline and her team always respond to any questions or concerns in an extremely timely fashion. We love the surrounding area with great restaurants nearby and are very happy with the building amenities, including the new courtyard, rooftop and gym. We'd recommend The Sagamore to anyone looking for a wonderful building on the UWS!My experience at the Sagamore has been great. Beca and the office staff are always there to help you and are very nice. Marvin who is in charge of maintenance always keep thing running and will be there to fix anything that goes wrong right away. David the conseige is always there to help and make sure you receive your packages and make sure you get all the help you need. All and all living at the Sagamore has been one of the better building I've lived in and I would tell anyone the area and this building is were its at. great community. all the concierge staff / doormen are excellent and very friendly. And the management team, in particular Rebecca and Caroline who I work most closely with, are super helpful and quick to respond. My husband and I downsized from a nearby large co-op to a two bedroom here at The Sagamore. I anticipated the move to be a big adjustment, but we very quickly were settled and happy in our new community and home. Now I have been here for nine years and have for various reasons, moved between 4 different units and I have been happy in them all. I can't say enough about Rebecca Hastings and Caroline Burns in the management office. They are kind, helpful, upbeat and can solve any issue that might arise. Aprell Lemon is our newest person on the team and I can tell that she will be a bright light on this team. Every one of the men on the staff are wonderful and they keep the building spotless and running efficiently. I love it here and would highly recommend it to anyone. I recently moved into The Sagamore, and so far it has been a great experience. The doormen and maintenance staff are incredibly attentive & very friendly. I've already used all of the amenities (roof deck, terrace, gym & laundry), all of which have been very clean and not crowded. The building also offers modern features, such as emails about packages and a website with community and building feature updates. The Sagamore physical space is in very good condition, and I am feeling great about my decision to move into the building. Caroline Burns, the Assistant Property Manager, was a huge part of making the move-in experience so great. She made her self readily available for showings and to answer any questions prior to moving in. And then once I moved in, she worked diligently to ensure that all of our needs were met and that the move-in process was smooth. I've seen her in the lobby since, and she always greets me with a smile! I'm looking forward to being part of such a warm & friendly community.I'm a first time renter in NYC and Caroline at The Sagamore made it as easy as possible. I moved here from out of town and she kept constant communication with me throughout the process. I kept my search in the UWS and saw upwards of 30 apartments while I was in town for a few days. I immediately felt at home at The Sagamore and all of my questions were answered. With great amenities, staff, and other residents, this dog-friendly building was the perfect choice for my first home in the city.Caroline is phenomenal. She made the process so easy and effortless to move in. She truly made herself available 24/7 to answer any and all questions, not just before we signed the lease but after we moved in as well. She was extremely warm and pleasant and that made all the difference in terms of our deciding to choose The Sagamore as our home. The property is clean and well maintained. The staff is professional, prompt, and knowledgable. The management is caring and always available and professional. I always feel well cared for, comfortable, and at home in the community. Beyond impressed by Staff and the up-keep of the building. Has been an incredible experience as we just moved in and look forward to spending more time in the building and all the amenities that are there!! Just moved in. Experience with management staff and building staff could not have been better. Building is great, very well-maintained. Gym, laundry, entertainment facilities are very nice, parking onsite. Area is great - 2 blocks from park, lots of dining and shopping, especially from this point south and on Broadway 2 block away. My husband and I have absolutely loved living at The Sagamore. We never knew a building could feel so much like a home, from the beautiful living space/facilities to fun events to the staff, who have gone above and beyond to make sure we're taken care of. We have been so impressed and happy here! We've been in this building for almost two years, and love it! The staff and amenities are excellent, and our inside-facing (away from the street) apartment has zero noise. We never even hear our neighbors, but I think that's mostly due to luck with who lives near us. I'd love it if the price was a little lower, but I believe we get what we pay for, even at the current prices. Really nice apartment in a great area, close to subways and parks with an amazing staff. It??™s the people who work there who make it a home. We love the Sagamore and would stay here forever if we could! An excellently run building that works very hard to please tenants. A pleasant and well-maintained living for all. The maintenance staff is very efficient. It's a nice building and runs quite smothly with all issues addressed promptly. Great experience and amenities. Lease is always determined by price. Why the hell does this review have to be a minimum of 200 characters before submitting? That's whack. So instead of taking my comments you're requiring me to keep on typing? This isn't an essay, this is a general survey. Please remove a minimum requirement in the future. That's just so silly. Our family has lived at The Sagamore for a few months now and we are very satisfied. The personnel and staff of the building are highly attentive and supportive. Maintenance and upkeep of the common facilities and amenities is very good. Management is diligent in communicating and involving the community in events. The leasing process was seamless and the team was always available and very helpful. The location, although subject to outside noise at times, is very convenient to schools, parks, restaurants and transportation, and is very well served by near-by stores. I have only been in the apartment to a month, but it has been a wonderful experience. Everyone is so friendly and helpful and when there is a problem everyone is incredibly apologetic and eager to fix the issue. We've lived here for three years and it has been a great experience. With time you notice more opportunities for improvements. I'd check in with the long term residents as much as the newer residents as they have different needs. I have a wonderful experience The building manager always work with the tenant to make sure everything is as expected. However my unit is ready for update especially in the kitchen and bathroom. I hope that the management office will up-date it.
My experience here has been wonderful, I truly feel at home in my apt and in the building. I have lived in other NYC buildings before this and none of them have felt like "home", the Sagamore does. The building staff are always available for anything I need and are so nice and personable. My husband and I love living at the Sagamore. It has a great location on the UWS, the staff is friendly and all facilities are clean and well maintained. It is a pet-friendly building and we plan to renew our lease in the future. It??™s a dream come true! The staff is excellent. The rooftop garden has million dollar views, it??™s in a convenient area on the Upper West Side steps from Central Park and Riverside Park, fabulous restaurants, great shopping and subways. The apartments have huge sound proof windows with lots of light. It??™s quiet, clean, pet friendly, well cared for and has lots of amenities. There??s a feeling of community but also privacy is respected here. The Management staff even does these generous breakfasts for the residents creating community and an excellent start to one??™s work day. There??™s a wonderful playroom for children and soon there will be a dog run!We've loved every aspect of our experience living at the Sagamore. Everyone/everything from the doormen/staff, the quality of the apartment and building amenities and the responsiveness of the management have exceeded our expectations. We tell all of our friends looking to move to the area to consider the Sagamore. It has been a pleasure living at the Sagamore. The neighborhood is wonderful, the apartments are newly renovated and kept up well, the staff is professional and helpful, the people are friendly, the amenities are great, love having the gym and laundry on the 3rd floor and not in the basement. Overall a great experience! The staff at The Sagamore is friendly, from the door men to the retail offices. The Sagamore goes out of their way to show their appreciation for us & as a result the tenants know each other better than I've ever experienced in any other building. Living in the Sagamore is like it's own little community. I've been here with both Related Management and Bozzuto. The one thing I miss from Related's policies is they would replace the carpet every three years. However, the current Bozzuto team is exceptional in so many ways including their organization of "Breakfast on the Go" and other events for the community living here. We are all excited for the dog run to open soon! Everyone is wondering when. Well maintained building on the UWS. Maintenance is prompt and professional and all building employees are super nice and accommodating. Kitchens also have great appliances! I would definitely recommend the Sagamore. We love it so far, recently moved in but we are happy that we chose the sagamore. Compared to other buildings we looked at the staff (Madeleine) was very helpfull and the atmosphere in the bulding between neighbors and staff are great. We would absolutely extend our lease and can highly recommend the building. A pleasure to deal with. Easy and accommodating. Amenities are in good shape and they seem to care about residents a great deal. Nice gym and roof deck. Friendly concierges and leasing office is helpful and nice. It??™s a community and thing just simply work in this building. Everyone from the concierge to the management to the maintenance to your neighbors are a pleasure. Things get fixed when needed and the building is very well maintained. Moreover the communication is impeccable. Makes life easy here! It??™s a bit over priced is my only criticism. Feels like they charge west village prices for the space to pay ratio. Also the building tries to charge you for everything you do like having a pet or using the rooftop which isn??™t cool in my book. It??™s one or the other: high rent or lower rent and fees. I am fairly new to the building and I already feel lucky to live here. The building feels like a community , the staff is professional and the building is very well maintained (it's spotless). I do think that the building should be smoke-free, I do smell smoke in my apartment from smokers in other apartments. I have really enjoyed living at The Sagamore. There is a gym (always plenty of space, even right before and after work) and laundry for studios that don't have in-unit laundry (very clean, never any line, secure). The building management is incredibly professional and responsive. They host fun events every other month or so, and the maintenance team goes above and beyond! (Seriously!!! They helped us install shelving and hang difficult-to-hang mirrors and wall fixtures for no extra fee.) Our studio feels very spacious (high ceilings, full size kitchen appliances) and we can't hear any noise from neighboring apartments. The neighborhood feels very safe and has lots of fun bars and restaurants. I love being so close to both Central Park and Riverside Park. I can't recommend the building highly enough - we looked at studios in half a dozen other buildings in the neighborhood and Sagamore definitely had the best units in our price range. This is a wonderful building. The staff is friendly and professional and people who live in the building make for great neighbors. The amenities are amazing - the roof, gym, laundry and party room are all kept very clean. From the very moment I moved into the Sagamore building until today I've experienced nothing but the very best of New York City apartment living. The doorman, the maintenance staff, and the management are all top-notch an extremely nice people. I am lucky to live in such a high-quality atmosphere. The staff is very friendly and my requests to fix things are done quickly. The common areas are well maintained and the general feeling is that management always looks to improve the amenities. The building is a bit too far from the train but no complaints. We moved from the East Village in search of a more civilized lifestyle without sacrificing access to good restaurants, bars and entertainment. I have not been disappointed! The Sagamore community is very friendly, and the doormen all recognise and know me after just a few weeks. I have never had to wait to use the gym, the rooftop or the laundry room, and the networking for the building is very reliable. Highly recommended. The Sagamore building become a much better building once Buzutto management took over. A wonderful environment to live in. Nice people. A helpful and Wonderful staff. A pleasure to walk into and friendly feel. The staff is all very friendly and welcoming. The amenities are always kept clean and in order. It's very young family oriented, so the noise level is always low. I've enjoyed my time here . I would recommend this property to my friends! I have enjoyed living at the Sagamore. It is extremely well maintained, and in an excellent location. The staff and management alike are very caring and attentive to the tenants needs. I have never had a maintenance issue that goes unresolved in a timely manner. My daughter and I enjoy the events held at the building and the breakfasts on the go. Great building with friendly staff, runs efficiently, excellent location that is located near the 1,2,3,B and C trains. Great proximity to shopping, grocery and Central Park. Generally quiet neighbors - I have been living there for 5 years and considering renewing again. I have very good experience living at the Sagamore. The staff are very proffecional, and respectful The only thing the management office shoul do is to make this building smoke free or at least the garden should be smoke free. Most of the resident living here have children, second hand smoke kills. This is a great place to live. It feels safe and the staff is nice. The apartment is clean and spacious with lovely views. Also, it is great that this property has a gym, laundry room, and business center. property mgt staff and maintenance staff are great door staff is irregular cost of party room is pricey building is nicely maintained and does nice social events for residents seems to be a lot of turnover in building which is too bad. I moved in in March 2017. I would definitely recommend this apartment building - friendly staff, maintenance staff responds to requests quickly, beautiful building. Only small challenge is that I can hear my next door neighbors through our heating unit. It's a great place to live in where the management is always on top of things and know each tenant by name. The place is neat and highly preserve and most importantly it feels safe. This place is great for kids and moreover for the parents who are worried for the safety of their kids. My husband and I have lived in The Sagamore for 6.5 years. We moved here before we were married and since then have gotten married and had a baby. I can't imagine living anywhere else...and we've looked! Nothing on the UWS compares or would meet our needs. The concierge, doormen, maintenance, and management are friendly, helpful, and responsive. The building amenities are such a treat. The roof deck and party room (with it's own private roof deck) are perhaps the primary reason we've stayed in the building. Most building party rooms are dark and lack outdoor space. We use the room every chance we get! Some of the negative reviews reference sirens and construction. We've lived through it...including months of a 7am jackhammer at the school next door. But this is a building in NYC. Any building along Amsterdam Ave will have sirens; EVERY building in NYC will experience construction. Luckily, it doesn't last forever. Perhaps the most special thing about The Sagamore is the effort management makes to build a community. Recently they hosted a S'mores night. During warm months there is weekly yoga in an outdoor garden. My son uses the playroom every day and we've become friends with other families and single residents who live in the building...and have maintained that friendship even when they've moved out! In a city with transplants and transients, The Sagamore feels like home and I can't imagine living anywhere else! We have lived in the Sagamore for 1.5 years and renewing our lease back in the spring was a no-brainer. The management team at the Sagamore is fantastic - extremely responsive to requests and will go the extra mile for you. Similarly, the team at the building (from the doormen to maintenance staff and everyone else) is first-rate. I still remember the first time we walked into the building to see an apartment and being greeted by Wilson's huge smile. We felt the community spirit from minute one. The Sagamore holds regular events for residents (Smores night, summer party, free breakfast at the lobby) which is rare in rental buildings. Lastly, as new dog owners we've felt nothing but support from the building and from the residents (both pet owners and non-pet owners!). Highly, highly recommend the Sagamore. It'll be hard to move out whenever that happens! I have lived at The Sagamore for two years and just renewed my lease for another year. I absolutely LOVE living here - it has a tremendous sense of community (with regular events and fundraising/philanthropic initiatives), the staff is friendly and beyond helpful and it is a very well kept building. The amenities and convenience The Sagamore provides to its residents are very rare in NYC and this building is a great value! It has a newly renovated gym, laundry room overlooking a garden, renovated rooftop and entertaining space with incredible views of the city, doorman, elevator, the list goes on! I have lived in NYC for over 12 years and this is by far my favorite of all the buildings I have lived in! Overall, the Sagamore is a well maintained building, has nice amenities, and a very professional and courteous staff who are a pleasure to deal with. The building also has a nice community atmosphere, and efficiently coordinates deliveries and the like for residents. Great staff, great location and great amenities. The public areas are well maintained. The apartment puts on monthly events which are always fun and a nice way to get to know the management and our neighbors. High quality urban living staffed with competent, courteous staff. Sagamore is a great apartment building. Location is fantastic and the amenities are great. Management goes to extra lengths to add the community touch to building. Very happy with all aspects of The Sagamoare except the Management office under. Love my apartment and all the staff they take care to make my home welcoming and safe. Neighbors are friendly with a real sense of community. It has been a pleasant living environment and experience. I wish to continue to live here as long as possible. All of the exercise classes and activities offered are interesting and exciting. I hope it continues. Super location and fantastic apartment/ building. The staff are great. Everyone from doormen to porters to maintenance to rental office are courteous, professional and efficient. We have lived there from Oct 2012. Literally do not have an ill word here. We have used every thing in building from gym to roof deck to party room to garden area to kids play room. Everything is solid here.  I loved living in the Sagamore building. The amenities are excellent and the area is very family oriented with great kosher restaurants. THe Sagamore is a terrific building, with many amenities. The fitness room and roof are wonderful, clean, and much appreciated. THe laundry room is clean and well maintained, and the staff are very friendly and responsive. The Sagamore staff have done a fantastic job maintaining all facilities, but also making it feel like a home. The staff knows me by name, greets me, and is always personable with a joke or a smile. I am glad I chose the Sagamore to live and would highly recommend it to anyone. everything has been great except 2 things. I don't like that people smoke on the roof deck and I am very upset about the "Nanny Share" down the hall from me. For this amount of rent in a luxury building I don't want to be down the hall from a commercial enterprise and hear screaming children and nannies walking them up and down the hallway and a group of people coming every morning with strollers to drop off their kids. I actually think you should be discounting my rent because of this. Quality with a capital "Q"! The only thing I miss from Related Management is being able to use my Amex card for rent. Bozzutto has maintained a high respectable standard of living. It's a joy to be here. It has been fantastic - the apartment is bright, clean and beautiful. The staff is professional and friendly. We loved living here. So far we love The Sagamore, the area surrounding (restaurants, bars, access to subways) and our requests are always answered promptly. Friendly management and decent amenities offered. An efficiently run and warmly staffed building. Always accommodating and patient. Often a happy buzz in the lobby. Friendly staff, well maintained common areas and amenities, helpful management office staff, repairs completed in a timely fashion (though, in cases when permission to enter is given, wish there was a better system of notifying tenants of when service requests are completed). 
RiverEast
we love the apartment it is beautiful with floor to ceiling windows, natural light, washer/dryer, friendly staff, beautiful roofdeck, great location, near everything, pet friendly, great package/delivery service, etc. The building is beautiful and always well-kept with decorative design for every season and occasion. The staff is friendly, very helpful, and promptly responsive to every request, especially maintenance. I loved living here for the past 3 years and would highly recommend it! We love living here. Perfect location for us. Beautiful apartment with amazing views. Helpful doormen. Great maintenance staff who come very quickly and respect my privacy during the day. Great delivery service. I've had a wonderful experience living at River East.  All of the staff are professional and courteous.  The building is clean and kept up to date.  The apartments are spacious and modern.  To have a washer and dryer is a huge plus as well!  I highly suggest living in this building! Very well maintained building and area. Staff is responsive to any issues. Other residents are friendly, and there's a sense of community. Location (proximity to Central Park, stores, restaurants, subways) is also great. I have been at the River East since to 2017. I like the community and ambience of the UES. Q train definitely has changed that neighborhood. Its very easy to commute to midtown, approx 20 minutes. Central Park is 10 minutes walk from the building and east river jogging path is one block away! The location is extremely convenient to the subway and airports.  The staff is fantastic and friendly.  If I have any issues, the staff is quick to get my issues resolved.  I feel safe in the community and it is ideally located next to fantastic food. The staff is very friendly and tries to be helpful. Maintenance requests are always attended to very quickly, though not always a permanent fix... Facilities can also sometimes be problematic (e.g., recent leak on/near my floor which caused lots of issues). Overall, some minor gripes but no major complaints. I rarely write reviews but I felt compelled given the high level of service provided to me and my family at RiverEast by Marsha Bangaru and Carolina Burgos. We have lived in the building since 2014 and upgraded our apartment once before. We currently are planning to upgrade once again to a 2-bed apartment. Both Miss Bangaru and Miss Burgos were extremely professional and patient during the process. They answered all of our questions and were very responsive in getting back to us on the details of the lease. I am looking forward to another amazing 18-months at RiverEast and am very happy that we have these two professionals managing the building. Signed, Very Happy Tenant. Great place to live and great, helpful staff. We have an amazing water view facing east and we get lots of sunshine. The amenities in the apartment are up to date and work great. Location is great as the Q or the 4,5,6 trains can get you wherever you need to go. I love the location and accessibility of the River East. However some facilities are little bit old, such as a washing machine, elevators and floor, I hope the staffs keep improving the River East. Thank you. We have loved our experience with RiverEast. The doormen/staff are incredible people who brighten my day every day. The rooftop and public areas are always kept in great condition are wonderful commodities. Wonderful place to live. We have enjoyed our stay at River East. All the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. I enjoy the fresh flowers in the lobby and special monthly events. Tenants seems very pleasant too. It is a great location especially with the accessibility of the Second Avenue subway and the crosstown bus. It is easy to find street parking in the neighborhood. I wish access to the Marriott gym was included in the rent. The only comment I would like to share right now is about cleaning the exterior windows. It was explained that the exterior windows are only cleaned upon move-in of a new tenant- per that unit. We love our beautiful views. It is a shame these are marred by the dirt accumulating on the windows. If we may suggest having the exterior of the windows cleaned seasonally, this would be a wonderful improvement. Excelente bplace to live very quiet, clean and secure   excellent location l really like having 24 hour doorman   make me feel secure and comfortable l can call them for   anything at anytime and they will help me l love my community. I am so happy with River East as my home!   Would recommend to anyone who doesn't   mind living so far east in Yorkville. The staff is   always friendly and helpful, and very attentive.   And I love the ever-changing flower   arrangements!! A well managed pet friendly building with good sense of community and friendly responsive staff. Located in friendly neighborhood   with a variety of amenities and social venues. Close to commuter options and recreation sites such as Central Park and Randall's   Island. Highrise living with great views. Close to Central Park,   the East River, Museum Mile & the brand new 2nd Ave.   Subway. Concierge & maintinence staff are professional   & courteous. Elevators are efficient & fast. We have absolutely loved our time living at River East! The staff is so amazing - kind, helpful, and overall just good people. The   building and apartments are well taken care of and I feel safe and comfortable.
The Cole Apartment
Love the community. Staff is super friendly. They have lots of activities for the residents. When we need assistance with a repair they come quickly. Little noise and you feel you have privacy all the time. Highly recommend this community. The place is great although I pay more compared to River East a nearby property that charges $2895 for a 1 bedroom I pay $2755 for a studio. For the cost of rent I wish there were a pool. Over 3 months I seen 1-2 doormen hired and fired. People get the impression that's bad it's actually good because The Cole cares about the privacy of the residents. Durell morning doorman has been there since before the change in ownership of the building and he's good about maintaining the privacy of the residents as well as their guests. When I first moved here I was skeptical on the Yelp reviews but I did a tour before lease signing and none of the things said in the reviews were accurate. Lastly I want to add the apartment is young and hip opposed to my old place very stuffy waspy UES people. he Cole is an amazing place to live. The building is well maintained and the staff is exceptional. Robert (leasing manager) provides exceptional service and is excellent to work with! Jason (community manager) is very accommodating and a pleasure to work with. Ermal (Super) is very responsive and helpful. Everyone at the front desk is very pleasant. The apartments are incredible and very nice. The building is very quiet. The in unit laundry is amazing, in addition to the hardwood floors that make it feel more like a home. The balconies are an added bonus to the apartment that are very spacious. Lastly, the building is very modern and everything can be done online through a portal including, paying rent, community boards, maintenance request and all the staff communicate on email.I HIGHLY recommend this building. So far so good! I really like living here. My only complaint is that the elevators can be a little slow at times. But the staff is super friendly, and the apartment is beautiful. Absolutely love living here. The building is quiet and clean and has wonderful amenities. Gym is really nice and never crowded. Pool table is great for having friends over to hangout. Everything is really new and in great condition. Management very helpful and responsive as well. Just moved into The Cole and absolutely love it! Building is so nice, quiet, and has a ton of amenities! I love living here and the neighborhood. The building is really well-maintained and the staff is very nice. The apartments are all newly updated with excellent light from the floor to ceiling windows. We have a very spacious balcony, as well- I just wish it had a screen so we could keep the door open without bugs flying in. Other than that and the gym needing a few updates, this has been a really enjoyable experience for us. My husband and I plan on staying put for awhile. I love where I live and feel very comfortable in my apartment. I like the neighborhood and the people who work in the building are friendly and helpful. - 4 stars. I absolutely love living in this building. Being a tenant in the city for over 15 years now, this is the first building I can truly call home. In the Electra you really get your monies worth! The apartments are new, well kept, and the building is always well maintained. The staff both doormen and management are so approachable and great. The gym is fully equipped with an outdoor terrace I love to tan on. I would recommend this building to anyone who is young, trendy, and wants to feel like they are living in a building which how a very "homey feeling". I currently live in the building and love it. I can understand were some of the other reviewers are coming from but i live in the back of the building and it is great. very quiet, southern exposure (overlooking all the brownstones so nothing blocking the sun from coming in) and a view of the Emipre State building. Staff is great and building is kept clean. I live in an "08" apartment which is the end of the hall, away from the elevators in the corner, great layout but lacks closet space. Washer/Dryer and garbage room/shute on every floor. If you do not like pets, avoid the building. I do not own a pet but there are many in the building and sometimes the neigbors dog can get a little annoying when they are not home. The building is kept pretty clean. Staff is very friendly. My primary complaint is the noise from 1st avenue traffic. Starting around 4 AM or so many trucks pass by and the noise they make when they hit the small bumps/potholes are just unbearable. I could not sleep the first weeks after I moved. DO NOT rent an apartment overlooking first avenue on the lower floors. Also, there is a construction going on right across the building (Azure) and the noise from there makes life quite a bit difficult for someone like me who works from home most of the weekdays. I agree with the reviewer who complained about pet owners using the entrance of the apartment as an open air toilet. It is simply disgusting. However, the blame is not on management, but on the arrogant pet owners.My husband and I were one of the first tenants at the Electra. We absolutely LOVED it there. We had a unit with the balacony off the bedroom which was a little inconveinet but it was great to have it. The tenants were mostly young and everyone had a dog. We got our little puppy during our stay there. We moved two years later to buy our home in the suburbs, but miss the Electra very much! We are always talking about one day moving back to the city in that area when we retire. It was an amazing experience to be the first tenants in a manahattan appartment. I would not trade my years there for anything. Thanks Electra! So I have read the negative review and I suppose they must be over 50. Our building is predominantly young professionals and that lends itself positively in many ways, though even the behavior of some (including the staff or just very young with mom and dad footing their bills), is even too immature at times for my husband and I. The overall feeling of the building is hip and trendy along with those who live there, so if you are older and looking for a more mature building both in age of tenants and ammeneties, this is not for you. It is a gorgeous building, with beautiful terraces and accomodations, but it is not perfect. It is, however, a steal, so you get more for your money in the end. We are always tempted to look around other parts of the city, but after looking, it is hard to give up the deal that we have. Not perfect, but pretty close! If you are an old fuddy duddy, please dont move in. with it's awesome balconies and good attendants the electra is great for it's rent...yeah the hallways are not carpeted but i think that's great...no cheesy 1970's hotel vibe - apt's are spacious, great appliances and huge bedroom spaces...and again, for the price it's a great deal. good location and really nice doormen...conscientious and so nice - they've even called my cell when fresh direct was delivered and i wasn't home to see if they could put anything in the fridge!...all in all, a great building and i would rec. it to anyone... 
2130 Adam Clayton Powell Blvd
I have enjoyed my time here, the staff is wonderful and friendly. I feel safe here and have enjoyed the amenities. The location is perfect where it's close to shopping and restaurants but also in one of the quieter areas. Very quiet and clean.  All apartment staff and property managers are nice and responsive.  I would recommend my building to others.  Great location in Harlem (near all trendy restaurants, new Whole Foods, and subways). I love being in this building.  It's clean, well run and very friendly.  The apartments are well laid out and the amenities are good.  The neighborhood is great too, with a lot of things to do and stores and restaurants galore. I love this building. I just moved here straight from Italy and I needed to find a "warm" environment around me and nice people . I have both and a super efficient staff always willing to fulfill any request I might have. The building is safe, clean and the staff super super polite. I am more than happy to live here. We love living here. The staff is wonderful throughout - from doormen, to super, to building manager. We have great appliances, beautiful hardwood floors, and beautiful ceiling to roof windows that bring in ample light. Our neighbors are kind, and we are rarely distracted. We have two pets and enjoy living in a building that is particularly pet friendly. We recently just extended our lease by another two years because we are so satisfied. Great building and area. The staff is very friendly and really has always made me feel like I am at home. If there is ever an issue, it is fixed right away. The building is also in a great location, close to the A and D trains and also the 2,3 trains. You can also quickly get to the 4,5,6 trains in a 10 minute walk across town. Its been great! I wish I did not have to leave Harlem! 2130 is a well maintained building with execllent up keep and wonderful staff. Great central location close to the subway and many good spots to eat and shop locally. We moved in early January 2017 and have been thrilled with the apartment and building. The space is hosted a Passover Seder for 25 last week! Having a designated garage space in the building was a real game changer for us. And everyone is friendly and welcoming. The neighborhood is very trendy with new shops and good restaurants opening everywhere. The Whole Foods coming soon should make a real impact too. We are very happy with our choice of Harlem, of our building and our apartment. This the best place to live in Harlem. I have an indoor parking garage, washer and dryer in my apt, 24/7 doorman, central air conditioning and heating and a huge terrace. I could not ask for more and it is much cheaper than Chelsea or Hell's Kitchen. I have had a great experience living in the ACP community. The staff are super amazing and always willing to assist as needed. The building is always clean and quiet. I never heard my neighbors next door. I feel very safe and have enjoyed living here so far. I highly recommend this community to anyone that is new and moving to NYC. Great staff, close to the subway lines, great factory store shopping 5 min walk, great city view, property is well maintained, community setting, garage parking, great restaurants, 20 min walk to Central Park, close to the airport. Pets.. Great experience! Feel like a part of an awesome community. Service is incredible, the building is beautiful and I love my apartment. Everything is very well-maintained. I love this neighborhood and it is incredibly accessible to all of NYC. I love my living community. The staff, my neighbors and the neighborhood are all that I've wanted in my living environment in Manhattan. 2130 ACP is perfectly situated near hot restaurants, shopping, outdoor spaces including multiple parks, and it's a quick 10 min subway ride to Midtown. This living community is exactly what I've wanted for some time now. Things have been great at 2130 ACP. All the concierges are very friendly and do a great job making me feel welcome. The apartment is very nice. My only reservations would be some aspects of the apartment aren't as polished / well finished as possible. The balcony surface is rough / unfinished, the dishwasher handle is loose which cause it to stop in the middle of running sometimes, and some doors and bathroom fixtures are a little loose. None of these are a big issue though and I am very happy with the apartment. Overall, we are happy being here. the staff are very kind and helpful. The gym is always well maintained and cleaned. We also appreciate a very quick cleaning of refuse room. The only thing we dont like much is the noise we hear from the street. Experience has been amazing and we love the building whihc has great amenities and service. Neighbors are friendlty.That be said we are having issues with appliances (dryer had to be changes and fridge has issues) that we feel could be addressed more efficiently. Well maintained, staff friendly building. We've been here more than five years and have come to call it home. The area is getting better with respect to retail presence, but it has a long long way to go before coming close to that offered in other preferred areas of the city....hoping for improvements, but progress is very very slow. Great prompt and caring service. I love my apartment and the building and the staff. I've never been in a building with such good service and after owning an apartment, it's been a relief to not have to worry about what can often be a horrible landlord experience. Staff is very friendly , building is well maintained. Very close to all major trains & restaurants. A little far from grocery stores , but there is a Pioneer market in 129th St & Lenox. The apartment finishes are very modern & floor to ceiling windows provide great natural light. Building is safe and secure. Attentive staff. Clean, quiet and friendly. Quiet neighbors. The area is full of shopping and restaurants. Close to all transportation. Nice gym on site. No trouble parking because of underground, easy access parking lot. very satisfied the staff is excellent and the building is maintain excellent condition. Please with the professionalism Request the comments to this survey not required min of two hundred characters. The building and staff are amazing. Always friendly and professional staff. Great building with nice amenities. I love recommend making the outside area patios including the community deck be designated as Non Smoking. Hard to enjoy my patio with smoke wafting into my apt. I first moved into this building on November 2013 and then I moved again into a much bigger apartment with a huge terrace (800 sq) on April 2014. I really enjoy the 24/7 concierge service, the gym and the indoor garage; it makes my life so much easier. I have many friends visiting me and by sending an email to the concierge, everything is being taken care of and I never had an issue. The doormen are very polite and helpful when needed. The building is very well maintained and the amenities are functional, well designed and attractive looking. The staff is friendly, helpful and courteous. The tenant community is a mix of single people and families and people are quiet and respectful of each other. The apartments are spacious, full of light and well laid out. The appliances are top quality. Overall, an excellent place to live in.  This is a wonderful building and we are so lucky to have found the perfect apartment. The neighborhood is still a work-in-progress, but the proximity to so many express trains is crucial. In addition, the lounge and the gym are really special amenities. Well situated and well maintained - newly built - building. The apartments are well planned and equipped. Great amenities, love especially the gym. Professional and friendly staff both at the concierge desk and the super. Good safety in and outside. It's beginning to feel more like a community with less turnover of staff and lower vacancy. An annual building social event perhaps on the terrace would be a nice touch as would proactive updates on the website or via email. I would like to see better use of live plants on the terrace, as well...making it look more like a resort. Plants that are placed out there are left to die and soon become a visual distraction. I moved here from Louisiana and I love the place. The staff has been courteous and professional. I am especially impressed with Luis in how he has responded to any maintenance issues that I have encountered. I would recommend this property to my family and friends without hesitation. With the challenges of moving to a new city this was one of the best decisions that I could have made! Thus far, the 2130 ACP building is great. The staff onsite and in the office is very accommodating and responsive to all requests and inquiries. I would recommend this community to anyone. It has been a total pleasure to live here. Love Luis, he is awesome. I have enjoyed living at 2130 ACP for the past three years. Super convenient access to 6 subway lines(2-3 blocks). There are also dozens of new and old restaurants and shops less than a 10 minute walk away. And did I mention the parks? St Nicholas and Morningside are both around the corner and Central Park is a 20 minute walk or two subway stops away. The units and building are very nice and well-kept. The staff is very friendly, professional, and efficient. The building is conveniently located to public transportation and shopping. The neighborhood is constantly improving, adding restaurants, bars and shopping. 2130ACP is a great find in Harlem. I've been overjoyed living here the past year. The staff is always very friendly, responsive and helpful. It also helps that the building has a club room, terrace and small gym. Lastly, the location cannot be beat!! We like the location of the building and the convenience it offers to public transportation. The building's amenities also provide an opportunity for a good quality of life (exercise room, concierge services, and resident lounge). We enjoy living here. The building is nice. It's a nice building in the middle of a run down area. However, the area has some nice shops and restaurants here and there. The building is close to a lot of trains which is nice and has a very nice gym, club room, and out door space. 
One Carnegie Hill
Amazing staff, from the leasing agent to the concierge and maintenance, everyone in this building is super helpful and attentive. Excellent service, very responsive to issues and accommodating! We are relocating otherwise there's no other place we would rather live. - Great staff - Fantastic amenities (pool, sauna, gym, grill terrace, rooftop terrace with club room), bike room, parking - Brand new, well insulated - Near the park, near the subway - On the expensive side, but great value. PROs - Great staff - Amazing noise insulation from other apartments, have not heard my neighbors once. - Everything works, everything looks fantastic - Gym is Equinox-grade - Pool is great - 2 sundecks, one with the 48th floor view on Central Park, the other with the BBQs - Washer dryer in unit - It's the kind of place you want to show off CONs - Air conditioning system / heater is quite noisy - Sauna is a bit cheap and not well insulated (loses heat). I really do love our apartment. Have been here since October 09. Great layout. A lot of closet space. My hubby and I don't feel cramped at all although it is only a Junior One studio. 7 closets! Foyer and small hallway to the bathroom! Amazing it is not even 600 square feet. Very quiet Washer Dryer in our unit. Our stove isn't quiet though, LOL.. Something rattling when we use it, but we hardly ever use it so we have not asked a maintenance dude to fix it. As for noise: No noise from adjacent neighbors through walls. Nothing. However, people in hallway can be heard if they are talking (but that isn't a huge issue). We are, however, so very lucky to have neighbors at the end of the hall with one particularly loud, bratty OBNOXIOUS kid who screams in the hallway every single day of our lives for a couple minutes each morning, and every evening. I don't know what that little kid's damage is, but I hate her. As for noise from outside the windows, we are on the 28th floor facing West looking over 96th street. It is a VERY busy, REALLY noisy intersection. The blasted police and ambulance and firetruck sirens almost drive me to tears, but my husband says I'm just being over-sensitive and dramatic. Maybe he is right. Anyway, there is always a bottle neck of traffic below which also leads to EXCESSIVE and AGGRESSIVE horn honking by taxi drivers. They will lay on the horn for 15 seconds straight. If It gets to be too much I turn on the heat or AC unit and the sound is then completely drowned out. There is also a mosque directly below and on Friday afternoon you can hear their call to prayers which I don't mind and think is rather pretty (at least its much better than sirens, horns and a wailing child!) The fitness room is great. Pool is great. Sun terrace is beautiful. Elevators fast and always working. Awesome location to subway and to Central Park. One draw back is the amount of wind as you come to the corner of 3rd and 96th. Whew. It will freeze you to the bone coming home from work. The team of doormen are very nice. A couple of them smile more than the others, but they are all very good at their jobs. Location: its the upper east side - but barely! There are plenty of restaurants to walk to, but it is not the hippest section. Kind of boring actually. But you are within walking distance of "coolness" and you can hop on the 6 which is a 3minute walk. Oh - by the way - this building is ALL ABOUT KIDS. We don't have any of our own and actually would rather prefer to eat them (BBQ'd), so if you don't have kids and don't like to be around them this is NOT the building for you! Don't worry - We haven't pinched any of them when the parents aren't looking, we have behaved ourselves. My hubby and I sometimes take a long walk through Central Park to go have dinner on the West side. If you like long walks it is a very lovely one. I do recommend this building. I think you'll be happy. If noise is an issue: Don't get an apartment that is facing 96th or 3rd. If possible, get one facing 97th. I have lived in the building since 2007. The building is fantastic. Very kid and pet friendly. Building staff are first class.Love our apartment. Have been here since October 09. Super doormen. Great timely service. Quiet interior with a lot of closet space. My hubby and I don't feel cramped at all although it is only a Junior One studio. 7 closets! Foyer and small hallway to the bathroom! Washer Dryer in our unit. Very quiet - so is the dishwasher. Our stove isn't though.. LOL.. Something rattling when we use it, but we hardly ever use it so we have not asked a maintenance dude to fix it. Speaking of quiet, we never hear our neighbors unless they are in the hallway. We do hear their door open and close. As for noise from outside we are on the 28th floor facing West. We hear the pretty ------ prayers on Friday afternoons (Mosque directly connected to building) and of course the annoying taxis blowing their horns. Emergency crews like to blare their sirens too at any and all times (I seriously doubt there are really THAT many emergencies. They often just want to get through intersections. Jerks.) Anyway, that noise is tempered very well by the double-paned glass windows. The fitness room is great. Pool is great. Sun terrace is beautiful. Elevators fast and always working. Awesome location to subway and to Central Park. Only draw back is the amount of wind as you come to the corner of 3rd and 96th. Whew. It will freeze you to the bone coming home from work. Highly recommend this building. You won't be disappointed. 
The Melar
Back in 2017, my fiance and I were looking to move into our first NYC apartment together and could not have been happier with our choice. We rented through early 2020 and have to say this a great luxury building with quality staff that will make the property truly feel like home each and every day. It is not often you find staff like Francisco, Brian, Andrew, Alex and Charlie that go out of their way to learn about each and every tenant in the building and care for them as if they were truly family. There was never a day I walked into the unit and I wasn't greeted by the team, or joined in on a conversation they were having with others in the building around daily events. Our apartment quality and amenities were above anything I would have expected in the NYC and would recommend the building for those looking for a luxury experience. We've lived here for two years and have enjoyed it. There have been some annoying things - mostly to do with leasing and administration. They like to enforce strict rules here - no moving on the weekend, no extensions to lease agreements whatsoever. Yearly increases in rent. But the doormen and porters are wonderful. They make it all worth it. The staff is very nice and friendly. The building is well managed. Perfect Location. The staff knows talents very well. There are not too many people in the building so that the elevator works for everyone. Resident mgr. and maintainance staff are always professional and ready to handle all service issues in the apartment quickly and adequately. The staff make living at The Melar a pleasure by always providing a safe and friendly atmosphere. Overall a pleasant place to live a very quiet building to live in staff is friendly and helpful would recommend this place to someone who is looking for a place to live clean building with nice neighbors. The Melar is absolutely the top rental building in the neighborhood, and probably the best on the Upper West Side. The staff is phenomenal, and the apartment amenities and fixtures are absolutely top of the line. The best building I've lived in as long as I've been in NYC.
Parc Cameron. 
I have been living at The Parc Cameron for many years. It is a great place to live. The staff greets me with a smile every morning, and is attentive to all matters. As well, the neighborhood is great, just steps from Central Park, fantastic restaurants, movie theatres, museums, coffee shops, fruitstands, and gyms. This is a gret place to live as it is also very safe. i moved here when i first moved to nyc. nothing to spectacular, but a great first place. neighborhood is very nice, family oriented, and safe. the staff is excellent. location is also ideal since you have subway/bus station within the block; taxis are always around. my only two negatives are: street noise and rent price. because the bldg faces 86th st there is always (ALWAYS) traffic noise, but you get used to it. the rent price is too much for the space you are paying for, but at the time i was kind of desperate and didn't know any better. I moved in at the end of February to a small studio. I wasn't too crazy about the size but the priority for me was the cleanliness and the location of the building since I have a home in W. Coast and the apartment is for my work in NYC. Before I decided to search for an apartment, my biggest worry was the cleanliness, or lack there of, since I have lived in NYC apartments for 5 years before I moved to California in 2003 I knew how difficult it was to find a "clean" apartment in NYC. The small studio in Parc Cameron I moved in February just had a renovation done - bathroom, floor, wall, closet, kitchen, new appliances...etc., and I couldn't be any happier. It is clean and I can still smell the fresh coat of paint and varnish, and the brand new refrigerator, stove, kitchen cabinet and bathroom sink. And, the location is perfect for me becasue I run the park on a daily basis. I am very happy that I found an apartment I like without searching for weeks. The contract signing to move-in processes were handled in very organized manner by the management company, which made the move much less stressful. Overall, I love my apartment and I love this building. The staff have all worked there many years and are great to their tenants. Any problems are resolved extremely quickly. Most apartments are small and have quirky layouts. For those apartments with good layouts however, the location is fabulous and this is an amazing place to live. They have recently renovated the entire building, including new elevators, common areas and new machines in the laundry room. The only downside is a lack of building/bike storage and the fact that units do not include air conditioning (you have to buy your own, but the super will install for you). All new apartments are updated with granite counters, modern appliances and cherry wood cabinets, though the craftsmanship on the renovations isn't always the best.
The Highgate
Have lived in Highgate for almost 3 years, and I really like it. The price represents a good value for the neighborhood, although the building lacks the amenities that other buildings have. These amenities include gyms, meeting rooms and a planted rooftop. These amenities aren't important to me, so I'm happy I don't have to pay for them. What you will get is a friendly building with good, fast service. You'll get VERY good closet space in the one bedroom units (not sure about the two bedroom units). You'll most likely have fantastic light, particularly at around the 6th floor or above. On the west side of the building, the view is WIDE OPEN with a terrific panoramic view from the GWB to midtown. Mid to higher levels on the east side have wonderful views of the East River. It's an older building, and it shows sometimes - IE: the laundry room isn't great - but for me, the pros definitely outweigh the cons. I always feel happy to walk into the building. And I love the short walk to the subway and Central Park. Today (Oct 29th,2013)marks my sixth wonderful year at the HighGate. The building kept me safe & sound during Hurricane Sandy.. one year ago today. The huge entrance lobby, coupled with the 24/7 concierge service is a huge benefit to all residents. The maintenance men & porters keep the building pristine clean & polished.I wouldn't want to live any other place. I have only been here for a couple months so far - but so far the building is essentially what I expected. The staff is very friendly and I havent had any problems. If you want a super luxuurious building - this probably isnt it. But if you want a fully-functional, maintained building with respectful staff and nice neighbors - Highgate is a great option. I am very happy with my room (and the views from the roof are amazing). The only other slight negatives are the elevators can sometimes take awhile in the mornings and the laundry room could use a makeover. But this building is run well and I would definitely recommend to others. In short, I'm happy I chose The Highgate. Bang for the buck, I'd give this place 4-stars. I moved in with my newborn son this year and it is great. I have open views with lots of light. The appliances are all brand new and the layout really works for me. The one drawback is service, while the doormen are nice they don't help unload cars, etc. Overall it an A plus plus! We moved in on July 1st 2008. We saw about 20 1BR apartments before choosing this one. It was renovated, lots of light (big windows), doorman, rooftop - great view. The kitchen is amazing, with new appliance. 2 units of A/C (also heating units in the winter). Lots and lots storage in the closets. Marble bathroom. The staff is very nice and helpfull. It's 3-4 minutes walk to 96 and lex - 6 train. everything you need is near by. 7-8 minutes to the east river and the park. We are really satisfied :) Building: 30 stories, post-war, built in 70's with 300 apartments. It has just undergone some upgrades/renovations. There is an amazing electronic delivery/ notification system that displays all packages on a screen in the mailbox cove. You can also link up your email to receive alerts whenever you receieve a package, laundry, dry cleaning, or maintenance notices. All the apartments have recently been renovated with new sliding windows. The laundry room in the basement is also newly renovated - about 10 washers, 10 dryers, brightly lit, clean. <br><br>Apartment amenities: All apartments that have been coming onto the market (I moved in over the summer) are getting renovated with new appliances, granite kitchen surface areas, track lighting with dimmers, and new kitchin sinks. Each apartment has a dishwasher. My apartment is in the 20s and has a great view. There are no buildings immediately in front and I can see a large sliver of the river. <br><br>Location: One of the major reasons I chose this building was for its proximity to the subway (6 train @ 96th & Lex). The M96 bus is convenient for cross-town travel. The building is on the eastern edge of Carnegie Hill, so it is close to the Museum Mile. <br><br>Neighborhood: The area is very residential, full of high-rises along the avenues and townhouses along the streets. The immediate area can get dead at night on weekdays, but weekends are more lively. There are also more restaurants/bars/cafes along 2nd Ave. There is a very convenient 24-hour Duane Reade catty corner to the building. There is a plethora of dry cleaners on the block, including one in the building. The nearest grocery store is an Associated at 96th and Lex or a Gristedes on 96th and 2nd. <br><br>Safety: The building has a 24-hour concierge. The night concierge is very diligent - I have never found him to be asleep on the job. There is only one concierge that talks on the phone and is lax with her repsonsibilities in watching the door. The building also has a closed-circuit taped security camera system that is monitored by the concierge. There are cameras in all three elevators, in the laundry room, outside the entrance, and probably more that I don't know about. Each apartment has a phone that connects directly to the front desk. Although Harlem is very close - just north of 96th - I was told by friends when I moved here that those who live below 96th should not go above, and those who live above, do not venture below. So far, I have found that to be the case.<br><br>Price: After searching for a 1-bdrm on the UES, I would say I am getting a good deal at $2,500/month. Because I rented through the rental office, there was NO FEE. Monthly rent includes water and heat.<br><br>Size: My apartment is on the smaller side at 550 sq. ft. <br><br>Building Community: Younger crowd (mix of college-age, young professional, and young couples with kids) that is attracted to the excellent value in this very basic full-service building. <br><br>Staff: Excellent. Maintenance requests are handled promptly and with excellent results. There is 24-hour maintenance coverage. Concierges are all very good (ie attentive and nice) except for one. <br><br>Pets: Pet-friendly. There is a rider on the lease for pets. Officialy, I think dogs are allowed up to 30 lbs, but I've seen larger dogs (labrador retriever), so I guess they are lax on that rule. Pets must be taken out through the service entracnce. The neighborhood is very pet-friendly. There is a dog-themed restaurant next door called "The Barking Dog" and one down the street called "Fetch". There are dog runs by the river around 88th.<br><br>Parking: There is a garage in the building. I don't own a car, so have no idea about rates, but visitors have been able to find parking right out front at the meters without hassle.<br><br>Noise: My apartment faces east, so I am right above 3rd avenue, but I still don't hear much noise even though I sleep with the window open in the summer/fall. However, that could be because I am on a floor in the 20s. In terms of noise from neighbors, I have not had a problem. I don't hear my neighbors, and none of them complained when I threw a housewarming party.Outdoor space: None of the apartments have private outdoor space. There is a public roofdeck with great views that is halfway done with renovations. In the summer, residents go up there with lounge chairs to relax and tan. Officially, there is no alcohol allowed, but I have seen people with drinks. <br><br>Overall pros: Ongoing renovations are bringing this full-service building in-line with other more expenseive ones in the area. The location is excellent for commutes. Staff and maintenance are excellent overall. Price is great value for the building and apartment amenities, especially because there's no fee.<br><br>Overall cons: No gym, no pool, and no storage in the building. The carpeting is old, especially in the corridors. There is no doorman, just a concierge. The management company was a bit of a pain to deal with when first considering the apartment, but I have not had any problems with them since. The central air conditioning units are expensive to run in the summer. The nearest Whole Foods is 10 blocks away.
The Montana
We lived in the Montana from 2011 to 2014, just left. In our opinion, there should be two reviews, one for the building and its staff and one for management. Management is rude. The general appearance of the building could use some upgrading, especially walls, floors and gym. Rent goes up every time your lease is up but the second time around we negotiated and they relented a bit. We had our deposit back within a week, which was great. You just have to make sure the apt is empty and clean and without any damages (floors or appliances especially). We took care of minor holes in the walls from pictures etc. Ours was a two BR with a separate den and two baths on the eigth floor. Nice layout, completely renovated baths and kitchen. Energy efficiency is zero, heating and ac outdated and loud, windows thin. Yes, there is street noise, but our impression was that unless you can afford Central Park West or similar, it will always be loud. This is NYC. We can only say the best regarding the staff. Within the rules set by management, they were very helpful and always courteous. If you treat them with the respect that you expect for yourself there will never be a problem. The maintenance guys were also great. Every problem we had was taken care of speedily. Of course, a clogged toilet is more important than the exchange of a light bulb, and we could live with that. The occasional water bug, while not pleasant, was also dealt with speedily by an exterminator. Again, this is NY. We are a bit surprised with all the negative criticism here. Let's not forget that there are also difficult renters who complain every week about the flowers in the lobby or who let their dogs pee in the hallway. And yes, we had a dog. It was heavier than specified in the contract but that was never an issue. In case you wonder why we moved out: we are living in Europe now. Otherwise we would have stayed until we couldn't have afforded it anymore. This is a very nice, safe building and is in a great neighborhood. There is an indoor pool, free gym and laundry facility on-site. Even though most listings state there is a "roof deck", you're not allowed on the roof. There is an outdoor area with a small playground set on the 2nd floor. There are several doormen, and my experiences with them have been mixed. There are a couple of rude ones, but most are very nice and helpful. If you have a car, don't assume the on-site pkg garage will have a spot. There's a two-year wait, so check around. I only found two in the area that had spots available. Cons - the elevators sometimes take a while, and the heat is automatic (I have to keep my windows open). Overall, a nice place to live so far.
The Wimbledon
Great apartment and building. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The neighbourhood is safe and perfect for a family. The building feels like a community in itself. Would definitely recommend to a friend. Awesome team working in the building. Lived there for 2 years and would highly recommend. If I come back to the city, this would be definitely a place I would go back to. My wife and I have lived at the Wimbledon in a studio unit for the last 3 years. Nothing but great things to say about the building location, facilities, management team, and staff: -Location: The UES location has been really convenient. There are several grocery stores within a few blocks including Fairway, Whole Foods, and Food Emporium. Neighborhood shops and restaurants also really abundant. Lots of great dining options around the corner on 2nd Ave. We loved that we could walk 4 avenues to Central Park and the Met. It's also really close to the 86th St express subway stop which can take you down to Grand Central in 2 stops or Union Sq in 3 stops. -Facilities: Gym is a decent size with a handful of cardio machines, weight lifting machines, and free weights. Always impeccably maintained. Laundry room would get busy at times, but we found the times when it would be less busy to get it done. At times, machines would malfunction but would be fixed promptly. The rooftop deck was usually pretty empty and had incredible views of the city including a glimpse of Central Park and the Met. Having dinner up there was always a treat. It's also important to note that the building was always very well maintained, both the interior as well as the external surrounding area. Floors, elevators, etc. were constantly being cleaned. Compared to buildings of friends, ours always felt sleeker. Management team- Marie and team have been very responsive, understanding, and accommodating. Basically, when we had questions or needed help with anything, they were helpful. If we didn't, we weren't bothered. Pretty much exactly what we wanted. One thing that was helpful is their online Building Link system. Most requests could be handled online, including repairs, guest notifications, package and dry cleaning delivery notifications, etc. Building staff- John and his team were nothing short of excellent. Over the course of 3 years, we had various minor repair requests (smoke detector battery replacement, air conditioning unit, kitchen sink pipe repair), which we submitted online through Building Link. In each case, things were repaired in less than a day. You can tell they take pride in their work and strive to get things done well and efficiently. We conducted a final walk through with John and he was extremely reasonable and fair with his assessment of our unit upon move out. Finally, it's important when paying for a doorman building, that the doormen are great. Rodrigo, Carlos, Bob, and team had been great to us from Day 1. They knew us by name and apt number within the first few days and we felt like we were home with each greeting. It got to a point where Rodrigo would see us coming through the door, and would already have our dry cleaning and package to hand off to us as we passed his desk on the way to the elevator. It was a beautiful thing. We'll miss the only building we've lived at in NYC and would have continued living there if we were staying longer. We're moving to CA and hoping to find some of the same great aspects of Wimbledon in our new home. Have been living in this apartment building for many years and overall, the building is a nice place to live. Good location to access public transportation, shopping and restaurants. Under relatively new management and this company is extremely accessible and very hands on with the services/personnel in the building. Building common areas are well maintained. Apartment personnel are attentive, but sometimes lack direction. Unfortunately, not all tenants living in this building are considerate of their fellow renters, but I would surmise that this building is no different than other rentals. I would recommend this building as a place to live as long as the management company remains here. They are a big plus to the building. Moved in part-way through 2013. I like the building, the location and the floorplan, but the rent is higher than what I saw for other 2BR/2BA apartments on the UES. New management company took over in late 2013 and is much better than the prior management company. I moved in a little over a year ago under the former management company, who promised me several things in my unit. I was very upset when asking several times, they did not take care of items. We have a new company that came in over the summer and they have been great! They have taken care of all my reasonable concerns. They had a few events and they were a great way to make the building feel like a community. I have had such a good experience that I just renewed for another year.
The Bolton
Excellent location great amenities staff is excellent very helpful building complex is clean, would definitely recommend to a friend. Concierge from 6pm-12am good for ordering online, great restaurants in the neighborhood. Love it at The Balton. However, would like to see some residents show more respect for our surroundings, e.g. - keeping garbage out of the hallways and elevators, ensuring their children are not unsupervised in the hallways. Wish we could 'rent-to-own' ! The Balton is a great place to live.  We have lots of amenities without the price and the building is well taken care of. I would highly recommend living here.  Great location and access to transportation. My experience so far have excellent. The neighborhood continued to improve for the better which is very important! Maintenance and management team does a phenomenal job keeping the property in great condition all time. Great place to live. Some maintenance issues persist with the elevators, but the building staff, super and office workers are all very good. Well laid out apartments in a great location. Would definitely suggest looking here. We have been very happy in our home at the Balton, with generally good neighbors, great staff and maintenance staff, friendly front desk personnel, and quality of our apartment home.  We would recommend to anyone!These are in a great area amidst a lot of shopping, restaurants, and transportation. The maintenance and office staff are always friendly and quick to respond and are very helpful to our needs,  The facilities are kept clean every day. Management was very insightful with information on the building. Also extremely patient with all incoming paperwork that was needed. Staff is polite and friendly. Door person is knowledgeable of tenants and is alert. I have had a great experience living at the bolton. The maintenance people have always been friendly and helpful. Its great to live in a building where the people who live and work in the building are friendly and helpful. Especially the door man who has names and apartment numbers memorized and are able to help whenever they can. Building is well cared for with nice amenities, such as gym and outdoor play area. The nearness to A/C, B/D trains are very convenient. Apartments are of a good sizes and staff is very attentive and personable.We absolutely love living at The Balton! We moved into our apartment when the building opened and we have had a wonderful experience. Our apartment layout is great and has allowed us to create a nice home. The location next to public transportation is perfect.It is a good building overall but some tenants can be problematic. They are the one who have parties all the time and are loud as hell and become obnoxious and threatening if you ask them to be more considerate. I wish the management would do something about these bad tenants. Otherwise, it's a nice building. I love my community a lot!! Extremely convenient public transportation and very nice staff. I have been here for more than 4 years and I don't mind spending 4 more years here. :). I would definitely recommend my friend about the community...My overall experience at this community has been satisfactory. Of course there are some things that can be improved on such as letting people who smoke know that it is still against the law to do so right in from of the building the actually should be more towards the corner of the block. The building is located close to transportation and there are new retail developments that will make shopping a bit more convenient. It's been a nice personable experience at the property. Maintenance is fantastic. I wish we had full time door security. The management is very receptive to conversations and critique about different issues that come up regarding record keeping and maintenance. Great value for money. Great community. Great neighborhood with access to many shops and restaurants. Great office/maintenance staff. Easy access to public transportation. Rooftop, backyard, gym and lounge are great common amenities. I am a new tenant and very happy with the building and staff and appreciate your taking time to check in. I would recommend this building and your company to family and friends. My only note is that the building across the way( which is my view from the 4th floor, is a city building that has cement boarding up the windows and I wish it could be developed for the sake of the community. The building is very well kept and the office staff is great. I just moved to this building this year and I must say so far I am extremely happy I made this decision. I love the amenities. The neighbors are very friendly. The office staff is very helpful. I just moved in so I don't have much to write. The apartment is very nice, with everything fairly new, appliances and such. The amenities are great. The security guards are frequently not at the front desk during the hours that they are supposed to be there. The playroom, for children, is very dirty and should be cleaned more often. The community is great. I know all the staff and mgmt. I'm very happy living in the community. My only concern is that we have been promised our apt to be painted it's just taken so long. Also waiting list for bigger apt is a long wait as well. Dispret. The Balton is a vibrant and diverse community where one can really feel at home and make many friends. This is a life experience in itself. The staff is kind and professional. The common areas are so well thought for anyone to enjoy his/her time. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building.It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. It has been great. I've enjoyed my time at the building. The Balton has a good maintenance staff and nice apartments. There is ongoing significant turnover in office staff and security/front desk personnel. Residents don't do a great job of keeping common areas, like recycling rooms and roof deck, clean. Convenient location overall; wish there were more choices for restaurants offering more cuisine diversity in a lower price range. Most of the newer restaurants in the area are too pricey for me to dine in regularly. Love living at the balton! A wonderful community! Look forward to many more years in this wonderful community! Having a full time doorman would be even better. Please consider it, we would all feel a lot safer. I lived in this community all my life. I would like to see more restaurants and shopping stores. The community has a great deal of potential. As a resident of The Balton, I am satisfy with the up-keep however, I would like better washing machines. The Balton has large apartments with bright windows, great amenities such as the gym, lounge, playground, and roof terrace, and wonderful on-site staff. The building is right across the street to the subway (Express!), and close to other great neighborhood features such as a great French restaurant, a nice wine shop, and a yoga studio. I really love this building. I am in my third year here. The office and other staff have always been helpful and friendly. I am a bit of a hermit but I use many of the amenities especially the gym. The appliances work well, the finishes are nice. Really enjoy living here! It would be ideal if doorman would be available and sitting at front desk more often. Very happy with the upkeep of the building in general. Some of the material in the apartment including kitchen counters and cabinets are of not so great quality and are constantly peeling off. The Balton is a good community. I have lived here since the building open almost 3 years ago. It was nice to move to a brand new building. With that does offer challenges but it has worked well so far. I enjoy the gym and all the common areas. The neighborhood is growing and I enjoy the convenience. What I would change is having a 24 hour doorman and more security to make sure people who do not live in the building are not let in without permission of a resident. Overall good experience living in this apartment.the people who live and work here are very nice. I would like to see improvements in security of the balton. We do not have security 7 days a week as promised when first moving into The Balton.. I am a very satisfied tenant with no complaints. The management team and building workers are always very friendly and helpful. Many times I seen staff going above and beyond their job descriptions to please the needs of the tenants.Tenants are always finding activities and events to do on site for families.Great place to live and raise your children.. With the exception of the few times that I have had to submit a service request multiple times before it receives a response and the other occasions where the common areas are not accessible, I have LOVED my experience at the Balton. The engagement and community team that has hosted events in the common room and the meetings (that I have not yet been able to attend) really make this feel like a community. In addition, the communication on different maintenance and events that will take place speak to the level of service and engagement of the staff. I also think that the new maintenance phone line will be helpful to fulfilling requests.
Douglass Park
Excellent place to live with an attentive staff and friendly residents. I wish the laundry room was fully working condition more often. I think it is a huge inconvenience for the handicapped residents of the building.Overall it's great location, grounds are kept fairly well. I grew up in Harlem and LOVE HARLEM and am so OVERJOYED to be BLESSED by GOD to move into my building when it was brand new and 2bd/2bath. I thank GOD all day everyday for graciously positioning me to receiving such a blessing. Fully functioning building. No complaints, heat and hot water has been continuous, we have no horror stories thank heavens. The halls are refuse room are always immaculate. The Richman Group has an excellent management staff.i satisfied the rent fee, the location of my apart is near subway station for convenience to my office. I feel to need more safty around apartment. Noise, music etc. from outside and inside are bother me always. upstairs neighbors are making noise by working with heel, its very bad. I don't get involved with anything going on outside the building. Management could use some improvement on the laundry room machines. This way tenants could use the machines in the building instead of going outside to do their laundry. Ty. My experience varies everyday! But I love living in Harlem and the building. It's close to all the trains and the night life is amazing. Please stop gentrification from happening as harlem has a great heritage. On the whole, this is a decent neighborhood. There is a lot of construction in the area currently and this will bring new residents to the area. The presence of new neighbors will enhance the area and perhaps begin to eradicate some the of factors that make this neighborhood less that desirable. Douglass Park has its share of issues such as inadequate laundry room facilities and a constantly deteriorating carpet problem in the halls. Proper security doors to the building and limited use of the common area with time restraints and resident responsibility for its upkeep are key to maintaining ta quality of life everyone is happy with. it was brand new building when i moved in 2012. it close to busy 125th street, and train station is just 3 minutes away, there are A B C D four trains stopping here, very convenient to commute to anywhere in new york city. and it's also very easy to reach any most beautiful park in the city, for example central park, riverside park etc. Neighbors on my floor have been great. Lots of new residents in the building lately though. Becoming harder to know who is actually a resident. This is an issue in common areas, where people hang out. Emphasizes the need for more community events. It's been okay. I wish there were more safe common areas - maybe with grilling, with the nice weather and all, but the experience has been ok thus far. Major subway lines are within walking distance and there are many new restaurants in the area.I love it, here :) It's close to the ABCD subways and the people are nice. The rent is great and is affordable for me as I am an actor. I hope to stay here long term as it really makes my career possible.
Columbus Square Luxury Apartment
I love living at Columbus Square! The entire staff is great from the doormen, leasing agents, and maintenance staff. The building is quiet and clean. The pool, rooftop garden, and apartment finishes make the building luxurious. Also, being next to the subway, Whole Foods, and Central Park is super convenient!Building's location is wonderful! Steps away from shopping and dining. Very nice staff specially Michelle in the leasing office is super amazing to work with. Love this place!! From the doorman to management everyone is very helpful and courteous it has plenty amenities. It's always very clean and taken care of!! Would defiantly recommend anyone to love here!!! Agents of here are so kind and response is so quick. Room, facility, and view is so beautiful. Easy to get together with neighbors, but still quiet and comfortable. I currently live at 801 and love the staffs here (except the maintenance guy who fixes heater). The doormen are all super friendly and really seem to care for their residents. :) i would highly recommend ppl to live here! I moved here from a luxury building on the UES. If you decide to move into one of the UDR/Columbus square buildings. Don't choose the 801 Amsterdam building. The building has no curb appeal outside and inside is neglected as well. The overall feel is that the buildings on Columbus get the better service and upkeep. 808 Columbus Square is absolutely the BEST MAINTAINED BUILDING. AMAZINGLY WELL MANAGED and THE LEASING OFFICE is professional and follows up on all matters. We love everything about the building from the LIFEFITNESS Gym Equipment to the beautiful pool to the lush, beautifully maintained grounds. UDR has transformed the building from Exquisitly Maintained to even More Exquisitly Maintained. Replacing all the wallpaper and carpeting in all the halls and improving on the colors throughout. The service is reliable and the staff warm, friendly and inviting. We love the building so much that we are moving from a one bedroom to a two bedroom and have asked our daughter join us and to take an apartment in 808 as well. SIMPLY PERFECT! 808 is GREAT. 
Park West Village
Renting from PWV Acquisition and living in 792 Columbus has been outstanding. I have lived in other buildings with in house management and leasing offices and PWV has far exceeded my expectations. The location is prime, accessible, and perfect for families, singles and students. Steps from amazing shopping, trains, Columbia and the Park. The management office was extremely accommodating and helpful throughout our move and time settling into the apt. Their level of customer service and care has a personal touch which is not typical of NYC apts. It matches the friendly atmosphere of PWV. Our apt was newly cut rennovated with gorgeous finishes, built in furnishings, all we needed was our personal belongings! I would highly recommend renting from PWV and Columbus Square Property Management! After moving around the city for several years, I recently moved into PWV, 792, and the experience has been outstanding. The brand new unit was beautifully renovated with high end appliances, finishes, and furnishings - the unit came furnished, an extra which is extremely difficult to find. Overall, PWV has been much much better than the other leasing and/or management companies I've dealt with in the past The management and leasing offices worked with us before, during, and after the move to make sure we got settled as quickly and easily as possible, visiting us and the apartment personally to check on our progress. The complex is clean, well kept with trees and grass and a couple of dog runs, and is steps from Whole Foods, Duane Reade, Birch Coffee, the B/C one block to the East, the 2/3 two blocks to the West, and Central Park. The location is unbeatable. If you're looking for a place on the UWS, I don't think you can do better than PWV. Renting with PWV has been a great and easy experience thus far. This is my first time renting in the city and friends (renting elsewhere) had me a little nervous to even try with the high costs and fees they experienced in manhattan. Not the case at all!! Just the application fee, that's it! My friends were all jealous of what I was given here. The process was very painless and professional. I have heard others who live here mention the same thing. Management office is easy to work with and efficient. They are also great about returning emails. The staff are ALL friendly to work with and I've been amazed how they get the nicest employees. From the doorman(s), the office employees, the maintenance people, the garbage guys, the mail room and even the window ;re all so kind!! You know they're doing things right when even some of the employees choose to rent here. Some added perks are that they are dog friendly here! There are two dog runs that you have access to on site and the dogs generally all get along really well. This is the best part about my dogs day. Here you're close to Central Park and Whole Foods is just around the corner along with many other great stores. The property feels safe with all three PWV buildings facing each other and employees on site 24/7 at each building. Also, the buildings are well maintained. There are many great thing about living here and being a part of this community. My wife and I lived at PWV for three years and in general our experience was pretty positive. The neighborhood is great-- very up and coming. Our apartment was definitely the nicest studio in our price range on the UWS and we looked at SEVERAL. The building is fine. It's pretty old and shows its age in some ways. There are definitely mice, roaches, etc in the building but that's to be expected in NYC. We never had bugs and had mice once in three years. Management brought in an exterminator but I'd already bought my own traps which worked better. Management is generally okay to deal with. Basic repairs are done very quickly, though they're less on top of extensive repairs. We had one issue that they didn't fix for a year after our first complaint. The doormen and security are great. Very nice people and I always felt very safe in the whole complex. The walls are paper thin, and we had several problems with loud neighbors. On the whole, PWV isn't perfect, but what NYC apartment is? The apartments are very large for NY. Staff has always been helpful and repairs are made within three days. There is no friction between market Renters and rent stabilized tenants. Have lived here for over 15 years and found it a wonderful place to live. If you like diversity and openness this is the place to live. I have not found any other development with larger rooms. The apartments are generous sized for this city. And what we paid on moving in is not out of line with typical (astronomical) prices in this city. Light and spacious (and a laundry room!). Still, the windows are poorly sealed and very drafty in winter, and it's noisy if you open them in the summmer. Since they're building in three different places around the complex, this will be even more of a problem going forward. Overall I've been happy living here. Location location.<br><br>HOWEVER, many if not most of the apartments in this building are (supposed to be) rent stabilized. We have reason to believe that our apartment was illegally taken off stabilization six years ago--when a new tenant moved in and the rent mysteriously MORE THAN DOUBLED. Unfortunately, the law only allows you to challenge increases that have happened in the past 4 years. Since the prior tenants did not challenge, we're stuck. (Landlords all over the city are doing this kind of thing and getting away with it by finagling the 4-year limitation.) If you are considering an apartment here, KNOW YOUR RIGHTS and get the facts--and file a rent overcharge complaint if applicable. Maybe I just have a really loud-talking neighbor, or maybe the walls are made of balsa wood. In any case, I can hear every last thing he says, so it's little wonder I spend all my time at my significant other's place.<br><br>The space is pretty impressive given comparable apartments I saw in the price range, it's near several subway lines (including the 2/3 express), the kitchen was newly renovated, and all in all, outside of that one loudmouth (I can only hear him, no one else), it has been a pretty decent experience. 
New Whitehall Apartments
Pro: 24-hour service on the desk, nice marble lobby with chandeliers, great roofdesk with UWS views, laundry in-building, elevator, some units have good views over Broadway, both north- and south- facing, good location, secure. Decent value for money (it seems they cut their prices in 2009 - 1bed is now $2100). Con: Frequent water shut-offs (though I work Mon-Fri 9-5, so this doesn't affect me so much), the built-in kitchenette facilities are in need of renewing, basement/laundry area is filthy, and the dryer machines often don't work. The landlord and doormen are great! The apartments are clean and safe, and there is a roofdeck which provides a nice city view. They recently built 2 luxury condos next door which improved the neighborhood a lot. I have lived here for 2 years, in a studio and now in a 2 bedroom and I love it. I recommend it highly!!
Enclave
Living their by a year and I would say it is the best place in upper west Manhattan. Any issues are taken care of right away and the staff are mostly friendly and professional. I knew some tenants complained about the rules are strict but it protects the interest of the tenants.Nice building with great staff. Never had any major issues with apartment or amenities. I live in a 2 bedroom with wrap around windows with a view of the Cathedral. Some people have has issues with guests due to illegal sublets, but I have had no problems. Lots of procedure here, so if you can follow direction/rules and can afford it I say go for it. Fantastic location, great staff, diverse and full of life - this is how I would describe the Enclave. God on one side and the ER of Mount Sinai on the other. You are covered! Also there Onsimnia cookies close by and a beautiful Hungarian bakery to help you heal the stuff that ER can't. Good space, well located, nice staff, great view, beautiful building. My only complain is that there are no areas for children to play. Could have a playroom or a pool, as a lot of rentals have in nyc. I must disagree with the reviews from students. Living in New York for most of my life, I can say flat out that this building and those that keep it running are top tier. It is true, though, that if you are not timely with your rent then the building will threaten litigation. Of course, they have a fiduciary responsibility to their shareholders. Great place to live, any issues are taken care of right away and the staff are mostly friendly and professional.Where do I start...
Everyone here is amazing, helpful and friendly. Oksana property manager, Mr Flores building super, all the maintainence guys, Jose and Vishnu - to the gang at the desk. Thank you. Building is clean and kept up. It is sooooo quiet in my apartment. I haven't heard any noise from neighbors - I face north toward the emergency room and was in fear of ambulance noise all night - not the case. The windows l reduce street noise. The apartment gets cold from the wall/window but just crank the heat up - having a hard time getting the temperature just right. Quality appliances, flooring is beautiful, layout is a little strange - but adapting to that.Nice neighbors. Gotta go unpack. So far staff at the Enclave have been very helpful and professional including Ted, Maud, and Oksana.
The Hudson Park
I'm moving into a house...yes!!! So I just wanted to drop a note and say thank you to the folks at Hudson Park. for being such great hosts, bosses or whaterver they're called. We have enjoyed our time here and highly recommend the place. I'm so glad I lived in a place that things that break get fixed ASAP! This building is fabulous and offers everything. Location is best in city. Before moving I ended up reading all of the reviews on here and I was horrified. But they have actually corrected all the issues. I lived at Hudson Park for just over two years and have not had a problem. The front desk do a great job and the maintenance team is very professional. It is not cheap to live hear but what good building is? I lived here two years and my daughter and I were very happy and felt safe. Managment, esp maintainace, was excellent and every agreement made on my lease was fulfilled. I left my apt clean, just as I found it, and got a full refund on my deposit. I would keep in mind that all leases are negotiable. Esp at the time of resigning. Maybe they don't want you to know that, but they are. So don't fall for the rental prices given to you in writting. I have been here for 5 plus years. and live towards the front of the building. besides the traffic noise which is not too bad. I never had a problem with staff members. the building is always clean. my rent did go up a bit but i was expecting this. I lived here for two years and then moved out for a bigger space and cheaper rent (in Queens). The apartment itself is nothing special. It was pretty quiet, which is nice. Having a gym in the building is a nice perk (no additional charge, yet). There rooftop access, a kids playroom, a bicycle storage room, and a mini-movie theater. All nice perks, but, there's a year wait on the bike storage (I wasn't told that when signing the lease), the rooftop is closed during the winter (again, they don't mention that when I signed), and they started charging for using the mini-theater. The front desk people and the maintenance crew are very nice and will definitely take care of you. Overall I recommend living here. The bottom line is there are more positives than negatives. The doormen are great. the maintenance staf are helpfull. as of now !!!! WILL REPOST IN A YEAR.... I've lived here for a few years now and have enjoyed my rental on the whole. Service is really prompt, but they do shut off the water almost 2x / year (for one day each) it seems to fix something. They also let one of the doormen go right before the holidays which seemed a bit unprofessional since doormen get a lot of their bonus in year-end tips. The price is reasonable for a doorman building in the city (even if it is next to the gas station with cars pulling in and out all the time). But, they'll likely have to lower rates now that all landlords are lowering rates and/or offering free rent. The low ratings on this building were understandable under the previous owner. Since they switched owners, the previous mgmt lady (who was just wicked) got kicked out and things have been much much better. I've lived here for 6 weeks, and find it to be a clean, quiet, friendly building. The space I'm getting here would be at least $500/mo anywhere else in the city, especially with the amenities (movie theater room, fitness room, roof deck, 24 hr doorman, etc). You're a block and a half from the express train (1,2,3) and a short bus ride cross town, with lots of restaurants and shops near by. I read the reviews after signing my lease, and was worried about meeting the dreaded Sophia. Well, right before our move in, there was a notice saying that the building had a new management company and we were to now deal with Paris. Needless to say, I did not have to deal with the management company at all, so it's a moot point. Still, I wanted to post this on here so that prospective tenants know that Sophia would NOT be a part of your living arrangement. The doormen are great, going so far as giving us an extra Sunday Times when ours was delayed in being delivered! We had an easy move-in and no maintenance problems, and the large laundry room let us do our laundry with no wait times. Our biggest concern was possible noise from other tenants, but the only time we hear them is when we're in the bathroom (there's a vent in there). The dishwasher is fairly loud, but c'mon - it's a dishwasher in NYC! I've lived in the building for 2 years. Over the last 6 months it has dramatically improved-- there is now hot coffee in the morning, an amazing and friendly staff, and nice tenant. I would highly recommend this building. I lived in this building from March through Nov of '07. I found it to be a great place to live. The room was very nicely built, and maintained. Basically all new everything. I had a great experience there with my roommate and the other people in the building. Any time I left a request with the doormen, it was taken care of when I got back that night. The location is great, it was quiet, and I was proud to have people coming to visit. The doormen themselves were very friendly and eager to help. I moved only because I was moving with my fiancee, and found a place a bit cheaper but lacking a lot of what this building has. I've lived here for awhile and really like the location and the building. The doormen are great and my service requests have been responded to quickly. However, how can they justify raising rents in a recession. I understand that it is a business and they have to make money, but I'm making less than I was last year so I can't justify paying more. When I first moved in the building was not as I expected. Now with a new management company the building is great, the amazing super keeps the building running well. His staff is also amazing and they really made the building loook like christmas. THE BEST PART BREAKFAST IN THE MORNING.I have been living in the building for almost 2 years now and i must say that for the past 6 month i have seen great improvements.Now when i put a maintenace order it gets done in hours,the new management has even provaded us with free complamentary breakfast which is greatttttt.We have a renovated bike room which is much better than before,and the buliding supeintendent and the staff are great. A few months ago i was planning on moving but i think i will be staying for a long time now.I really recomend this building is becoming a great place to live. I've lived in the Hudson Park for over a year, and I have no significant complaints. The staff is pleasant and extremely helpful. When I put a work order in, the staff fixed it within the hour (which shocked me!). I can hardly hear the other residents on my floor. Most of the residents appear to be a mix with a fair number of families. The building recently changed management, and things seem to have improved even further. The new management has set up a website for the residents, and there have been coffee and pastries for residents in the morning. Compared to other buildings that I've lived in here in New York, the amenities are great. There's a large laundry room (which is open 24 hours), theater, and fully equipped gym (with 2 TVs and bathroom). The roof deck is open year round, but unfortunately we aren't able to have parties or bring alcohol. Although the building's location is ideal (right at an subway express stop & crosstown bus stop, near grocery stores/banks, and adjacent Riverside Park), its primary drawback is that it sits right next to a gas station. Drivers continually pull into and out of the gas station with little regard to pedestrians. The intersection at W 96th and West End is also a nightmare. Drivers make turns without regard to pedestrians in the crosswalk. My recommendation would be to always be aware, and have your game face ready to stare down idiotic drivers. Overall, I really enjoy living in the building. Although the rent is far more than what I wanted to pay, the staff and amenities far outweigh the costs. I have lived in the building for a little less than a year. Overall I have been really happy with both the staff and my studio, minus the fact that I can smell cigarette smoke wafting in from other apartments around me and hear my neighbors having the loudest sex I've ever heard (all the apartment noises seep through the ventilation system). Most of this is just part of the joy of living in New York City though. The location is definitely a little isolated for me, but I love being near Riverside Park and it's amazing to be able to see sunsets over the Hudson river from my huge window. Unfortunately, the new owner of the building has decided to increase my rent over 25%, which I cannot afford, so I will be forced to move in May. If this building was a little further downtown...maybe even in the 80s, and the rent was a little more stable, I would probably be signing my lease for another year. Been here since the community opened and never met a Sophia in the office, must be another community. The HP I live at has an amazing building team. Love it, love the views... Yes, i admit I've been here for only about a week, but so far so good. (as with the previous poster...)<br><br>Management is very nice and helpful (didn't have any issues with fixing anything yet). But had some other issues and they were very accomodating... I talked with Sophia only once, but she seem to be like a very nice person too. I am not sure what one would to do to get the conflicts described in previous postings...<br><br><br>So overally I am pretty happy with the place... And you can't beat the location. <br><br>I will put an update here, if things will change... Ok, granted I just moved in like 2 days ago (EDIT: 2 MONTHS NOW), but I'm extremely happy with my experience so far. I was a little scared coming in, after reading some of the reviews, but everything's been smooth. Move-in was easy. They gave us full control of the freight elevator, so we could stop it on a floor while we loaded/unloaded.<br><br>Everyone in the staff has been friendly and on top of things, including Sophia. She even took a few minutes off-the-clock to let us check on something in the apartment a few days before we moved in. If you're a reasonably nice person, I'd not worry about the negative reviews about the management.<br><br>Maybe my apt is just in a good spot, but my hall is very quiet, just the occasional door closing, but not at all disturbing, especially since the bedrooms are located away from the hall. People don't make much noise in the hall. I also have yet to hear neighbors through the wall (but 2 days isn't totally conclusive on that).<br><br>The apt covers all the bases. Great, solidly closing windows, good air system, nice kitchen. The shower is hot instantly, and the water temp does not seem to fluctuate at all while you're showering. Is the unit top-of-the-line luxury? Not quite, but it's close in my opinion. It is light years ahead of most comparably priced pre-war apartments that my roomate and I looked at, and I'm not even including the bldg features.<br><br>The feature set is great. The roofdeck is very nice (and finished, contrary to a prior review). The gym has lots of machines and cable tv. The children's playroom is colorful and inviting (I think it may not have been done when the bldg opened). Lots of laundry machines. Theater is very spiffy. Trash compactor chute and secure bike-room are convenient.<br><br>My take on this place is that it got off to a rough start and it took awhile for all the finish work to really be completed, but it finally has its act together. I'll update if I come across anything unpleasant, but I'm not anticipating it. I have lived at Hudson Park for approximately 1 year and so far, I have no horrible complaints. The facilities are clean, the maintenance/concierge staff are all courteous, and obliging. Because I live near the stairwell, I hear the door being slammed frequently, which can be a nuisance. Also, I remember there was a long period of time when one of the treadmills in the gym was malfunctioning, and it took more than a few months to fix. So far, I have had no personal encounter with the building management, so I cannot comment on their efficiency and professionalism. However, when I was moving in I had made arrangements for my move-in, and the management neglected to inform the front desk. This was eventually taken care of by the concierge at the time, but it was a hassle to deal with. Other than that, I really enjoyed my time here! I cannot get over this site! It seems that its the same angry group of two or three people who are writing repeated reviews. Ill have you know that almost all of whats been said about the building and Sophia is untrue! <br><br>Let me give you some background: The Hudson Park opened around July 2003, with NO building manager. Thank goodness the place had Jamie (the super) or else it really would have fallen apart. Sophia was hired a few months later, with the thankless task of listening to tenants (often legitimate) complaints on the state of the building. It was often out of her and Jamies control, as the workers were unionized. This, for some reason left tenants with a bad taste in their mouth about Sophia. In reality, there was nothing she could have done differently. <br><br>Now that you have that background, let me tell you how Sophia really is. Shes a nice person who actually lives in the building. She does her job extremely well. I honestly dont know what people expect of her. Should she pick up your kids from school? Maybe you expect her to clean your apartment? Seriously! What could Sophia POSSIBLY be doing to draw such a negative reaction? <br><br>To be honest, I dont envy Sophia or the job that she has to complete. Its a thankless task, and shes often dealing with very difficult personalities who think its their God given right to treat her like dirt by virtue of the fact that they are paying extremely high rent! <br><br>Sophia will treat you the way you treat her. Just because shes an employee of the building does not give ANYONE a right to yell at her, etc. The way I know that its just a few sick individuals writing these reviews is because Sophia is the only one whos ever picked on. I dont think Sophia could be as bad as shes described even if she tried (which she doesnt)! <br><br>Anyway, I really dont have a bias one way or the other. I just have been reading these reviews and have been getting sick to my stomach at the defamation of Sophias character. To the people who are doing it, I say GET A LIFE!<br> We have been here for a little over a year. We love the building and the staff. We have lived in quite a few rental buildings in the city, and it does not get better. <br>Don't let the negative comments, which obviously come from the same "anonymous" FRUSTRATED person miss-lead you (who is probably a single female ..) <br>And by the way, the neighbors are very nice...Love it! It's new and it had every service in the book...clean, sunny and much better than where I used to live on the East side. I wish they put my apartment for sale, not only for rent! I was very happy visiting Hudson-Park. With a super friendly staff, multiple amenities and better yet, at the right price, and after looking at 40 building sites in the UWS, I am convinced I made the right choice. I have been here for 3 months and intend to stay here for a long time. Not sure what the deal was with the previous leasing office but the new people are great (Shlomo?). Have only lived here for a year and a half and everyone I have come in contact with (staff and tenants) are nothing but super nice and friendly. I am new to New York living and am very happy with all the ammenities. I looked at alot of apartments and this one was the best for the money. My husband and I lived in our apartment for 1 year. In that time we found the staff to be pretty helpful, Sofia, (the building manager) to be accomodating and the building itself to be very nice. We enjoyed the movie room, gym and childrens playroom. We would have renewed our lease if we had not moved out of the city. As a tenant, my experience with Hudson Park in the last 11 months has been marked with quality and responsive service. I’ve encountered small problems with every building and landlord here in NYC, but I’ve found the management at Hudson Park (especially Sophia) to be the most responsive and reasonable to my requests. I have not experienced any of the problems raised by the previous posters; in fact, everything has been great to date. I plan on renewing with my lease expires.  I was a bit stunned to read the tremendously negative comments that my fellow tenants have posted to this site. We have found Sophia to be nothing be lovely; agreeable and accomodating. The price we are paying is well below what we would have paid for a comparable apt. further south, and no one on the building staff has been anything other than helpful and friendly.
The Westmont
I moved in four months ago and it's been a great place to live. My requests are always handled quickly....It is expensive, but it is expensive everywhere in NYC and it is more reasonable that many of the other apartments we saw. I reccomend it. I'm mystified. The building is undergoing some renovation. It is a pain, but the quality of the place has been greatly enhanced by what's been done so far. The staff is friendly and, if anything, eager to help. Th units are pretty large. They sometimes say that they are the largest in the area...and for the rent I think that is pretty much true. Yes, rents went up drastically in recent years, and rents are pretty reasonable now. But guys, you can negotiate with them. You do not need to sign the lease renewal or get out. You can ask them for a concession on the new rent in exchange for your not leaving. Moreover, unlike most rental companies, if you want to break your lease, you can, and the cost to do so is one months rent. I've lived in places that sat on their right to not mitigate damages (i.e. NY State law says that they do not have to find another renter once you've signed a lease, they can leave t vacant and charge you for the full 12 months). Also, they allow for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 11 etc. month leases. Flexibility is good, even if you don't need it at the moment. I think the reviews here reflect that fact that "change is bad" and the change in management was viewed as bad by everyone who was living in the building at the time. Also, construction sucks, and the new management wanted to fix up the building, and make it better. Now, admittedly, if you are living there during construction, that sucks. You get all the inconvenience and its the people living there *after* construction who benefit. My solution was to use that as leverage to negotiate down my rent, and the folks at Archstone were understanding (not "happy" and not "willing to give concessions" right away, but they saw the argument). The building is not quite as snazzy as the Key West next door, but the rents are lower and the apartments larger for the money spent by a significant amount. That is a tradeoff, but a reasonable one. I've moved into the Westmont twice since graduating from college. (I moved to a different NY neighborhood in between, but quickly realized my mistake and returned.) The typical resident is single, Jewish and under 35. I have come to appreciate this building more and more. It was no-frills when I moved in back in 2006, but now they've spruced it up (along with rent increases, of course) to the point that you'll be *proud* to have guests over. I have never had a problem with bugs or cleanliness. The other tenants are super friendly. The closest I've had to an assault was in the lobby when a guy was like, "Good shabbos--do I get a 'good shabbos' back???" :) The doormen are courteous, and the top-floor gym, roof and lounge are spacious and mysteriously underused. The location can't be beat for convenience to subways, markets and pharmacies. I left the Westmont once--and I won't make that mistake again anytime soon!
Avalon Morningside Park
This Avalon building has all the modern conveniences you could want, including a beautiful open kitchen, spacious bathroom and in-apartment washer/dryer. Staff are friendly and the building is well maintained. I lived in Avalon Morningside 6 years ago. I came back since the experience living here was fantastic and I do not regret at all. Staff is very friendly and I feel like people working in this building truly care about the residents. Thanks for your hard work! Well run, clean, safe and a warm place we are happy to call home. The building has all of the amenities we could want and a professional staff second to none. We have been residents for three years and delighted with Avalon Morningside. Quiet neighborhood, close to neat supermarkets and subway stations (within 5 minutes) and so convenient. In-house washing machine and drier are also equipped. The interior as well as the exterior of the building are new and clean. Staff are all nice and friendly. My experience as a senior citizen living at Mornigside has been thrilling! My studio faces St John the Divine and Morninside Park; the visual experience of the seasons is rich with the joy of the varied coloring and changes in each day as viewed from my apartment. The concierge staff, each with their particular personality and attention, adds comfort to the beginning and ending of my day. The maintainance staff is examplary. My experience at Avalon has been great. The building is immaculate, the staff are super friendly, the maintenance team is extremely prompt, and the unit is a good size at a reasonable price. I certainly will be recommending this building to friends. I love living there overall. As i mentioned before thete is a noise problem sometimes late at night when the neighbors decide to share their disagreements theough the walls and people leaving their stuff in thr hallway. So happy to rent my place with such a gorgeous view in a beautiful building with a great stuff of people working here! I would definitely recommend Avalon Morningside to everyone who is looking for clean, safe, brand-new and in overall amazing building. I have had a very friendly and nice service of the representatives green and beautiful environment around of the community Overall: a good place to live for renting a year or two in the Manhattan area. It is good to commute to my college, because it is close to my school. For this reason, I recommended to my friends who were Columbia students. However, the rental price is not cheap to college students. When i came here firstly, i just went around looking for apartment. Fortunately, i walked in the avalon office and i met Yolanda who was a nice professional staff as well as a broker. She had full patience for introducing apartments for me helping me to deal with some documents. At that moment i decided to live here, because i looked around the whole build. i am quite satisfying where i am living now. The space is comfortable which is a little bit higher than the other floor. Moreover, the lounge which is in second floor is pretty amazing for people who would like to relax or have a small part. there is a pool table over which is my boyfriend's favorite! I mean, avalon is a quite professional residential. We loved living here and were sad when we had to move. The management (Franchot, Nick and Barbara were incredible so I really wanted to write a review. We lived in a studio overlooking the church and it was so quiet. We had friendly neighbors and enjoyed the positive energy in the building. As for the actual inside of apartments the appliances and material used are high end. They are also very dog friendly which to me is very important. If you are looking for an apartment in this area I strongly suggest you give this building a try. You will not be disappointed. We've lived here for almost 2 years and we've loved it. Every apartment building is going to have its pros and cons, but after living in the city for nearly 18 years as a renter, I know for a fact that this is a well-run, pleasant place to live. Avalon does a great job minimizing so many of the hassles of moving/renting/living in NYC. Yes, there are lots of dogs and kids in the building, so if that's not your thing, you might want to live elsewhere. And yes, there are things that randomly break down in the apartment, but the staff is AMAZING here and takes care of things immediately. The staff all the way around - maintenance, concierge, parking staff - is great. Location is convenient to subways and parks. Convenient parking in building. Washer/dryer in units. Have a look - a good portion of apts in NYC don't offer half of these amenities for the price. Overall - thumbs up. If NYC rent wasn't so high, I'd stay here for many more years. This is my third year living there. I'n lived in several buildings on the Upper West Side and this one is the best. Great service on any maintenane. Friendly staff. Great location. Between two subways and several buses both East and West and up and downtown. Very convenient. Lots of parks. It's next to Morningside Park, two blocks from Central Park and close to Riverside Park. Even though I live facing 110th Street, the double pane windows keep out most sound. A great place to live. Apartments are spacious with w/d and lots of closets, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the views are just amazing -- what more could you ask for? Street parking is easy to find on Morningside Drive. Best building in the area. The staff is great. I had a problem with one of the appliances; I filled out a request via the building website late late Saturday night and Sunday morning it was already fixed! The apartments themselves have an open easy living lifestyle floor plan. Very Practical. I live on the north side and I hardly hear any outside noise but I'm also on a high floor. I never hear my neighbors either. A dramatic difference from my previous prewar apartment. Tenants vary from Columbia students (myself) to young professionals. They're many pets in the building and regardless, the public spaces are spotless. I highly recommend this place. I have to say that this is a VERY nice building and all of the staff are really polite and friendly. The Concierge are great and are always at the desk except for one that is always at the desk sleeping...he is still very nice when he is awake...LOL I think that he is a student or something to the likes. The leasing office was great! It was the best experience that I have ever had, Crystal was the person that really stood out and her supervisor Jackie was AMAZING! If you do not believe me then just stop by the office and take a tour! My apartment is great! I took one of the studios and the layout works really well! It really supprised me when I moved so much into this apartment! Yes...there is noise, but this is NYC, a little is expected. I never have noise from my neighbor, the noise is really from the street. The building is always kept clean and I have only seen an elevator down once! The really do a great job here. As for the area, I LOVE it! The traffic is not nearly as bad as it is Downtown, and the congestion is far less in general. There are a lot of things to do in the area and some really good food! Additionally, I think that the area is really safe...I feel good walking around at night by myself and have never felt unsafe! Give them a shot, it is worth it!
Bretton Hall
Clean, great location, extremely friendly tenants. Hallways immaculate, nice prewar building. Only caveat is Management is unfriendly and you have to get buzzed into locked doors every time you want to get in the building. Great bldg in the heart of the upper west side. right off the subway, close to restaurants, central park, riverside park. Wonderful with pets. The best management I have ever dealt with. Fast and reliable service and pleasant doorman.
The Windermere
Rented a place for my daughter while she was at Grad School at Columbia. Liam and the rest of the staff were amazing through the rental process and during her stay. They went over and above to help us. The building is beautifully renovated and in a great location. The move out was also easy. My daughter's only complaint was that it was sometimes noisy as renovation work seems to be ongoing as old tenants move out. Would definately recommend and would rent there again if the opportunity arises. I chose the Windermere because of the great looking renovation, light, and privacy of my studio apartment. The amenities are great, especially the roof deck. The best thing, though, is that the management of the building has always been very responsive. There is an in-house management office and always someone to respond quickly to an email and send up the super or whatever might be needed. It's a terrific building! I loved living at The Windermere for two years! The building had everything I wanted: an amazing location, phenomenal amenities (gorgeous roof deck, sparkling pool, clean exercise facilities) and, most of all, friendly and helpful staff. Pia and William from the management company are truly incomparable - they will bend over backwards to help you. My one bedroom, two bath was delivered to me in perfect condition - clean, everything in working order. The few times I needed something minor fixed (lightbulb changed, smoke detector battery replaced), the maintenance department attended to it within minutes (honestly). The only reason I left is because I purchased a condo. I highly recommend The Windermere. 2 reviews 5.0 star rating 10/3/2016 Excellent tenant experience. Leasing office always available and ready to accommodate reasonable tenants need /really customer oriented. Maintenance always ready to help and fast in the response. They will never leave you without giving a solution to the issue. Great amenities always clean and available. The building is an amazing spot for families. Right in front of best schools and day cares in the area, hippo park and express metro. Cannot find a better location that meets all the requirements for a quality living in Manhattan. I chose the Windemere because I loved the amenities! The roof is newly renovated with beautiful furnishings, lovely seasonal plantings, a bar with refrigerator, a large gas grill, lounge chairs for sunbathing and a 360 degree view of the city and sunsets over the Hudson. Also a large indoor roof lounge that is beautifully decorated. My reason for moving to NYC was to care for my grandson. It was very important that I had easy access with a stroller and a playroom for small children. A pool and a gym are included in the amenities. It's great to live in a building with nice and friendly people to greet you upon arrival each time as i have with 24 hour doorman amenity. I love living in this building. The location is amazing. Very close to the subway, the park, great restaurants and food shops. It genuinely feels like a neighborhood and not the crazy hustle bustle of NYC. The amenities of the building are awesome. The maintenance crew is always working on things to make sure the building is in top shape at all times. The leasing office is always open and willing to discuss and questions or concerns. Overall very friendly and attentive staff. I will miss it! After two months of research, my family and I chose the Windermere as our place of residence. The apartment is modern and renovated and the building has a fantastic roof deck and lounge. Liam from the leasing office handled everything extremely courteously. Along with the concierge service, the building made the move-in process and dealing with all the accompanying paperwork very easy for us. The staff is very friendly and the online system is very effective in notifying us when packages have been delivered. The building itself is beautiful renovated prewar with a large and beautiful lobby and the amenities (pool, gym, lounges and roof deck) are well-maintained and easily accessible via the key card provided. I had few service requests and the service has been impeccable, all resolved quickly and with no hassle for me. Thus far it has been a fantastic experience. I highly recommend this place with no reservation. I am very pleased with my choice. I have been at the Windermere for just a few months. Having lived in several NYC apartments, I can appreciate the benefits of living here. The location on West End Ave. is great. WEA has the advantage of being noncommercial and thus relatively quiet. Yet you are just off Upper Broadway with the subway and all the shops and restuarants and commercial activity one could ask for. But the most important benefit of the Windermere is the staff. The concierge desk and staff in general have been extremely helpful in allowing me to quickly settle in. My experience here has been excellent and I highly recommend it. I genuinely enjoyed my time as a tenant at the Windermere. I was in a beautifully updated studio apartment with luxury finishes [stainless steel kitchen appliances, radiant floors in the bathroom etc.]. Repairs were always addressed efficiently - often within a 24-hour period through the online request system. The staff, from the leasing office to the concierge team, were always friendly, professional, and accommodating. The building itself is ideally located - on a quiet block with little to no street noise and easy access to the subway [less than two blocks away]. The top floor featured an amazing tenant lounge [no reservations necessary] that opens up to a shared rooftop space where I could enjoy a glass of wine with a few friends. Yes, the reviews about water outages are true. However, the building staff always notified tenants well in advance, so you could plan accordingly. I would still be living there if I didn't have to relocate to the west coast for work. All in all, a great building! I read the reviews and was very hesitant to move in, however I have been pleasantly surprised by my entire experience and now residency. Everything from the initial move in set up by the on-site concierge, to the condition of my unit upon taking possession has been wonderful. The doorman are nice and greet me as I enter and the super as been nothing but responsive with all my inquiries. The building is well maintained and I use the beautiful gym daily. I have never had heat or hot water issues that were described and Ive lived here for several months. The pool not being open is the only "negative" but at end of day how much am I really looking to go swimming?? When it opens no one should have anything else to complain about but Im sure they will find something. I would definitely recommend the building and to base decisions on reviews written over a year ago is ridiculous! Just moved here... A lot of the reviews are very negative and I was a bit scared. Overall so far I am happy with management and the building. The apartments are stunning and top-notch. Everyone in the building is nice and I haven't seen a divide or hostility between rent controlled and non rent controlled. That said, you can definitely tell who the rent-controlled people are and they are eclectic. Management also hasn't finished one of the light fixtures in the apartment even though it has almost been a month... Not essential but somewhat annoying. There also is a lot of construction going on. Some days only one elevator will be working and there are a lot of construction guys going around but you can't hear the construction at least from my apartment. Walls are thick enough. I can hear my neighbor when she plays loud music but that's about it. Front desk is very nice and doing a great job. Laundry room is old and disgusting. It's right next to the trash room and the basement is old and dirty. They are going to redo it but I am unsure of the timeline. I believe they said by December. Overall, the new apartments are spectacular. The area is wonderful and I have never felt unsafe. The building is under construction which is fine as they threw in a free month of rent and a gym membership and the new amenities which according to the plan will be done by december should be great. Do NOT listen to these reviews.....I moved in to the Windermere a few months ago and LOVE it!! The lobby is break taking and this building is definitely a WOW building! I have a one bedroom and what you see on the website is what you get.....my apartment is beautiful!! The kitchen and bathroom are unbelievably gorgeous. Everything from the countertops to the fixtures are luxurious and state of the art. Yes, the gym and roof deck aren't done yet and YES, they put in a lot of online marketing and hype about the renovations......but who wouldn't?! They are doing MAJOR renovations to make the building BETTER....so of course they are going to advertise it!! The majority of people wiring reviews about this building are the rent stabilized tenants who have lived in the building forever and pay next to nothing for rent....they are upset with all of the changes and renovations going on in the building and are just being grumpy! They are jealous of new and wealthier people moving in to completely redone apartments so they come on here and complain about noise and whatever else..... I don't regret moving in at all and I can definitely see myself here for many years...once the gym and roof are finished this fall...the building will be perfect!Pros: Great location in a landmark historic district on West End Ave.; beautiful lobby; generally well-kept apartments; some striking city and river views from the upper floors.<br>Cons: Maintainence is spotty; elevators could use a major overhaul; "doormen" aren't very effective - they mostly sit there and watch TV and play video games all day and night. Still, relatively affordable by area standards.
Coso Apartments
Their apartments are so nice! I looked and looked for an apartment and everything that I could find in my budget was rundown and cramped. I came across Coso and was pleasantly surprised! I found the perfect apartment for myself after looking at 20+ apartments and now I couldn't be happier. Special thanks to Lejla for hooking me up! You rock!Coso apartments has the best apartments. I looked for an apartment for a long time before choosing to live in a Coso apartments. Lejla Muric in leasing made the process seamless and enjoyable. I love my apartment. The renovations are beautiful. I made the best choice, but choosing a Coso apartment.I’m in my third year living at Coso property.  Never had any problems. Repair requests are done quickly. Building is always clean and in working order. Never had any problems with pests. Staff is friendly.As a broker I work with just about every management company in NYC, and Coso is a reliable company I've dealt with both to agents and their clients.  I know there are lots of subpar reviews here, but think about this: who is leaving a good review for their landlord?  people only are going to log onto this on a rare occasion something bad happens in one of their thousands of units through out the city. The buildings are well maintained and kept clean and tidy. I also find their rental prices to be very competitive.I'm moving out and am very sad to be going. My apartment was very nice and comfortable and the neighborhood was perfect. Easy commute to school and work but I'm moving back home now. Very affordable but cleaning service would be nice!Renovated apartments at an affordable price. Laundry in unit is a biggest perk for me.Great location and service. They always put up decorations for the holidays. They keep the place clean and well maintained. Happy to live here!Great place and wonderful staff. Apartments are always clean when I visited them and the building staff always get their workload done in a timely manner and are so courteous! Easy application process, nice buildings, helpful staff. I'm now living at one of the coso apartments, and I really like it. It's very convenient, and many restaurants, stores around here. Also it's really near to the university. The apartment I'm living now is also clean and the house supervisor is helpful:) I have been living in COSO apartment since September and it is quite a good experience. The super is very responsible, whenever there comes a problem, he always helps us as soon as possible. The apartment is also very comfortable and clean, we live there happily.Going on 2 years in my coso apartment, no complaints! My super and prop manager are very responsive. My room is affordable, steps to Central Park, and any issues that came up have been promptly resolved. The hallways are kept clean, we just got new laundry machines in the basement, oh and Christmas trees/wreaths during the Holidays is a nice touch.I've lived in a coso apartment for 1.5 years now, love it! Love the neighborhood (I'm 107th/Manhattan Ave), my apartment, super and prop manager. I had a leak in the kitchen (A big one!), and it was promptly repaired. Our property manager, Joe, is a super nice guy and extremely responsive. I've found the leasing office to be very friendly and responsive as well. No hesitations, 5 stars.Everything is good. Close to subway stations and very convenient. Good restaurants nearby, very quiet neighborhood. Staffs there are helpful.  Apartment is on 107th st. It's very close to the Uni. There are lots of restaurant around. Nice environment! I really love my apartment. Although my room is quite small, it is warm during the winter. Moreover, it is near Columbia University. I decide to continue living at here. The staffs of the apartment are nice and helpful. And the apartments are close to the Columbia University, which is very convenient for students. Near subway station and Columbia University, really convenient for Columbia students. The apartment is clean and neat.The staff are so warm and helpful, they even help me with other problems that are not related to the renting. Their assistance is of great help.I have been living in coso since last August, and overall the experience is good. The super and the broker are willing to solve any problems I met. I will definitely recommend the apartment of coso.Repairs that we have needed have always been done on a timely manner , the super is great . our building is in great condition . I love walking in and seeing my lobby every day . especially during the holidays with all the decorations . -Thanks coso !!!The apartments are located pretty close to Columbia University, and the staff are very helpful.The neighborhood is good. safe and the heat is stable now.I was a tenant and the location of their apartments are really close to the campus and it is really convenient.Environment and Service are both awesome! the place is especially quiet which is absolutely a good place for students!!!It is convenient because there are supermarkets and subway stations nearby.Nice indoor environment, Good location, 5mins to school. Recommended. The apartment is pretty good, it's close to the school.The location is quit well as we needed cause it is near  Columbia University. It is also quit, suitable for study. it is near the campus,  and since we are on the fifth floor, there are enough sunshine.  We seldom see any pest, it is really good for girls to live. The apartment is safe and the service is good. Good environment, friendly neighbor, near Columbia university. Place a lot of Columbia university student would choose to live. Close to Columbia University.
The Lyric luxury Apartments
I love living here. Apartments are great,  rents are reasonable. Great staff,  love the amenities. Very happy that they plan to update the lobby,  I'll post those pics when they're finished. Awesome roof top deck. Here are some pics showing the roof top view. The concierge team is just simply fabulous! They will go above and beyond to ensure your needs are met such as dog walkers, coordinating deliveries and packages, arrange maintenance requests within a day, etc. I am really grateful for the team who made the busy NY life so much more bearable.I did not have a great experience with the leasing office. They started to show our apartment for future tenants 2 months before the scheduled move out which is not realistic with the NY market. We also had no control when the apartment was not available for showing when family was visiting. Lastly, they made a biling mistake and they overcharged us the rent twice. It took weekly reminders for almost an entire month to receive the overcharged rent back. Location is very convenient, close to the 1,2,3 trains. However, there were also projects nearby and a lot of ‘interesting’ folks outside at night. It made me uncomfortable to walk by myself at night in the area. If I were to move elsewhere in UWS, I would prefer to be lower than mid-80s and not directly on Broadway. Just a personal preference!The building was great, it has an amazing rooftop with two BBQs, sunbathing chairs as well as few dinner tables. I would appreciate if the management could communicate when there is a private event (either in advance via email or with a sign downstairs) to avoid frustrations when too many people are already on the rooftop for dinner. I loved this place when my family rented an apartment for several months. They have a fitness room and the place is upscale. Everyone is very nice that works here. The apartments are in a great location also being right on Broadway. We moved into the lyric a few months ago and could not be happier with our choice. The layout is great but more important the staff is amazing (both in terms of responsiveness and level of courtesy/ kindness). I think it's Beautiful great location.if you need to see Doctors great transportation.
The Paris New York
Great apartment building on the Upper West Side! Staff is incredibly attentive and takes great care and pride in the building.  A great building in a great location, love being able to walk to Riverside Park and 1 block from 1,2,3 train station on 96th and Broadway!  Should you be so interested in the wonderful life found on the Upper West Side, The Paris, in two words, offers complete Parisian Paradise! This building has it all! Immediately upon entering, you are welcomed by the ambiance of the upscale, yet low key presence which seems to draw you in. Should you be so intrigued, it only gets better from there.The Paris offers more than I may be able to mention here. First and foremost, it is an amazing building, due to it's owner's;  the management team, the superintendent, great doormen, and the rest of the staff. It has an incredibly warm and welcoming feeling that's set due to the familiar community setting amongst all. The Paris Staff is always ready, willing and able to help you with whatever concern. The professionalism of the management team is what I must express upon. Lisette, the Operations Manager, is to be highly recognized for her utmost amazing capabilities handling and running the building so extremely well. The Leasing Managers--David and Eric--provide the most expertise ease in finding and renting the perfect apartment. Tricia, the Property Manager, who is such a pleasure to deal with, is fully capable of facilitating your questions or concerns. The doormen are there to service you at any given moment. Alex, the daytime doorman, consistentently, goes above and beyond his call of duty to give personalized attention to every tenant for whatever reason. His prescense is a major asset because he is so interactive with the day to day operations.Tony and Chris offer a professional approach to serving the tenants as well as complimentating the atmosphere of the building.   Another major plus, The Paris, recently hired a new superintendent ~~"Adrian" ~ who is a Super like no other!! He is a rare find, well rounded, with a great personality. He's extremely experienced, caring, dedicated and willing to make improvements and enhancements. His maintenance staff puts much time and effort into making this a smooth running place to live. Work requests are always processed on the same day or the very next. In addition, a full concierge service is on site, offering a wide range or services.Last but not least, and not often heard of elsewhere, The Paris, frequently has complimentary gatherings for the tenants, on occasions  throughout the year where they serve great food and drink.AND... Follow them on Instagram for the best things to do in the area and to view great pictures! All credits go to Eric!
West 96 Apartments
This residential looks nice like four star hotel. I met the front desk Mr.  Eddie a honest and good person. Give me very good impression towards this place. Good working staff raise value of the company. I enjoy the time of staying here—from.Don't normally leave reviews but the leasing agent, Nzhingha, was very welcoming and we felt by the way residents were chatting with her that they were happy with how the building was being run generally. Not sure what we will decide but we are definitely considering these apartments.We recently rented an apartment at 750 Columbus Ave. and the entire process was handled in a professional and supportive manner by Mina Maqsudi.  Mina worked closely with us in getting the right apartment even when we were out of the country for a month.  She stayed on top of everything and was as much proactive as reactive to what was happening.  At all times we felt like we had someone looking out for our interests as well as the property.  This was a win-win situation for all. If you are considering renting at 750 Columbus Ave.  you should think of Mina to work with.Mina has been particularly helpful during our application and move in process. The building staff have been friendly and we enjoy living here this far! We had some pretty serious issues with our floors this past year. Ultimately, the problem wasn’t able to be fixed but Melissa and Derek went above and beyond to find another apartment in the same building for us. Their professionalism and communication with me and my family were exceptional and we are happy to continue to call West 96 home. We just moved into W 96th and are really happy to be here! The apartments have great layouts with big windows (overlooking WF so you can see when the line goes down, lol) and the kids room and gym are nice perks when trapped in doors during the cold winter. The move-in was really great - the building super and his team helped the movers get everything loaded in time, and even came by on the first day to fix a few small repairs we needed. All in all a super friendly team! Great community to live at. 
The Monterey
The management organizes holiday parties which are great and free breakfast events.The amenities are just mind blowing. The world class fitness center that has pool/ sauna / steam room. The fitness center offers free classes including yoga, pilates, spin class, boot camp. There is sun terrace with 360 views of New York sky line which has grilling areas and great place to spend your evenings. We have hosted lot of bbq parties. There is also brand new lounge area that is great to rent to host parties. Building has in house cleaning/ dry-cleaning and full concierge service which we are very handy and give you that ease of life. I would highly recommend to make Monterey your next home. This is an amazing place! Superb location, amenities, management. Hard to believe a place like this exists in NYC, its more like a resort, with a rooftop garden and pool in the building. I started my family here and hope we can stay for years to come. Management reps Senada and Joleen are most responsive and professional. Right near Central Park and the 6 and Q subway lines. Thank you, Monterey! I've been living in The Monterey for more than 5 years and it gets very emotional to put that experience into words. First of all, I just wanna make it clear that people is what make it a great place to live in. The staff is amazing and those guys really make you feel at home. I don't have words to thank them. That being said, the building is well located, just next to the 96th subway station, which make it very convenient. The area is surrounded by good restaurants and groceries. The apartments are big enough and well maintained. I also love the amenities: a big rooftop with barbecue area and a small office with computers, gym with swimming pool and playground for the kids, a pretty descent lounge that you can rent for private parties, and a nice lobby area. Also, the new administration updated the laundry machines and it got really good. And there is a big garage with zipcar. It is a very family oriented place and it has an international atmosphere since a lot of the residents come from oversees. It is also pet friendly and people do respect animals here. The Monterey is where my wife and I started our life together and where we had our fist child. We would do everything again if we had to. The Monterey was our fortress, and you need a place like that if you want to make a living in NYC. My wife and I have lived at the Monterey for 4 years and in two apartments. The building is great. The staff is wonderful. We were skeptical of the management change when Related sold the building but the new management has been excellent - very responsive to our requests, extremely easy to work with, and professional. Senada, the building's resident service leader, is attentive and sees things through to completion. Any time we have needed her assistance she has taken care of us graciously and immediately. In the leasing office I cannot say enough good things about Zeynep - she is a pleasure to work with, honest, immensely helpful, and knowledgeable. We have had several oddball requests during our time here and Zeynep has always found a way to see that our needs were met. She has a strong client service approach to her work, which is suprisingly rare in the industry. The desk staff is fantastic, especially Rad, Chris, Emil, and Artie. They provide the perfect balance of being there whenever you need them and not being too intrusive. They take good care of the residents, our kids and pets, and our guests. The maintenance staff is equally great - they address any problems, from replacing an air conditioner to clearing clogged drains, promptly and pleasantly. We use all of the building's amenities and they are great: the (24-hour and really inexpensive) gym is updated, well maintained, and never too crowded - having a pool in the building is great; the parking is very convenient, the staff there is good, and they have zipcars available; the roof deck and resident lounge are perfect for hosting parties or just enjoying on our own. The location is great - close the central park and literally steps from the 6 train. I read a review about paper thin walls, but I can say that you can't hear your neighbors. We lived on two different floors in two different apartment lines, both times next to newborns, and never heard a thing. Depending on the location of your apartment you may get street noise, but if that is a big problem you may be in the wrong city. I wish the building was smoke free. The smoke from smokers on lower floors will sometimes drift up and into your windows. Not a big problem in the winter, but if you're unlucky enough to live downwind from a smoker you may need to keep your windows closed during the nice days. I don't see this as a monterey specific problem, and they provided us with door sweeps, sealed our vents, gave us air purifiers, and posted notices throughout the building about not smoking in common areas. You really can't ask for more. The laundry room is well maintained and was just renovated this May. There are many units in the room so you don't typically have to wait for one. Some apartments have in-unit laundry but neither of our apartments did and it was never a problem to ride the elevator to do laundry anytime 24 hours a day. The building and the staff are great. There is not much turnover at the Monterey and that is a testament to the quality of life here.I was a resident at the Monterey for 10 years and will be very sad to leave. The new managment hasn't missed a beat and the original building staff remains and continues to do an amazing job. This building is super convenient to the 6 train and the airports and has a better ammenity package and views than many buildings that charge twice as much. The kicker is a 24 hour gym and one of the best rooftops in the city. One of the best buildings and values in NYC. As a resident of The Monterey for the past 7 years, I continue to be pleased with the level of service provided. Recently, we had a change in the Resident Service position with Senada Avdic as the new Resident Service Specialist and has been extremely professional and proactive. With unexpected interruptions in 2 areas, the building immediately had both taken care of almost immediately. Communication with the residents during this time was priority and immediate. Being on top of building maintenance has proven once again to be priority with the staff at The Monterey. Thank you for your continued work in making The Monterey a true home... We've lived at the Monterey for going on 4 years with our 6 year old. It is fantastic. I get a bit emotional about this place because it means so much to our family. Magnificent rooftop sundeck, health club, nice apartment and furnishings, barbecue deck, good management and maintenance, excellent response times to routine maintenance requests. Walls are super thick and we never hear our neighbors. A beautiful family atmosphere, a playground right across the street. Right next to the subway and three blocks to some of the nicest parts of Central Park. Last night my boy and I went to the roof deck, laid out on a chaise lounge, watched the stars pop out above us and talked about the universe. I know of few other places where that would have been possible. I've lived in Manhattan over 40 years and this is by far the nicest place I've lived in. I was concerned when Related sold the property but so far the new management is just as good with service as Related was, which to me was a gold standard. I'm not being paid for this and have no connection to the property other than being a tenant. But to our family, the Monterey is like a beautiful dream. I have lived here since 2008, and I am happy. Yes, it is not cheap, but this is New York City and I don't even have to cross the street to get the subway. Only one time needed to wait more than 4 hours for a repair, and this was because the whole window needed to be replace. This is not a hypster neighborhood. There are baby carriages, bakeries, and coffee shops, and a few bars. I am honestly a little surpised at the negative reviews for this building. This is our second year at the Monterey and we really love it. We have a 2 bedroom/2 full bath on a low floor and pay just under $4,000. It's a great value for a Manhattan luxury highrise next to the subway. I doubt you can find anything cheaper except for Normandie Court which is a terrible building by comparison. Here are what I consider to be the pros: 1. The building is extremely well kept; all the hallways were redone less than two years ago. 2. The Rooftop terrace is awesome 3. The health club is on the small side but very modern. There is an indoor lap pool. 4. The buildig has a great resident lounge which can be rented for private functions 5. The staff ranges from good to over the top. Some of them are truly outstanding 6. You can charge your rent on your credit card and earn points...I think we earned back almost $1,000 last year. 7. The apartments are an average size but have new appliances and look fantastic when you move in. They do a good job gettting the apartment back into shape once a tennant moves out. 8. Zipcar rental is in the building's garage and the building subsidizes your membership. Really convenient when you need to rent a car. 9. Lots of social functions sponsored by the mgmt company like bbqs, christmas parties, halloween parties, etc. 10. Family friendly, we have a baby and a dog and there are a lot of families here. Here are the cons: 1. We got a good deal on rent but higher floor apartments are very expensive 2. Sometimes the elevators can be slow BUT I haven't run into too many issues 3. Not much goingon in the immediate neighborhood; there is more action around 86th street. 4. Apartments are not huge; our 2BR is roughly 1,000 sq ft. We love living here and would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great, well kept, friendly building. Not a terrible place for the money, but I think calling it luxury is a stretch. Yes, walls are thin and elevators are loud. Management is a bit apathetic and the worst part is there is no air conditioning in the hallways. Waiting for an elevator in the summer can be more torturous than waiting for a subway in that heat. That being said, the location is convenient, the neighborhood is nice, having a gym in the building is great (although $65/month for a gym that tiny is a bit insulting. . . it's a functional gym but the classes are a joke), the lobby is nice, and maintenance is quick to fix things. Price is pretty much in line with comparable places. This place is great for the money! The building is gorgeous, the doormen are great, the gym and pool are amazing, and the price is unbeatable!very nice building. management is very attentive and fixes anything that has gone wrong within 24 hours. Elevators could use work. Staff is friendly, for the most part.
The Chesapeake
I love this building! I came from the west village so I got a lot for my money. The staff was great a d there is a parking garage adjacent to building. I lived on a high floor so I had amazing views of the East River. Great deal. I moved because I bought a place but I would of stayed. Just moved in a couple months ago. I love this building so far. The gentlemen at the front desk are nice and helpful. They have gone out of their way to get me numbers of cable/internet staff. I get an email every time a package comes as well as a phone call with grocery deliveries. The super was there for the move-in and he was a nice guy, lots of character. I had a problem with my lock and it was fixed immediately with a smile. The amenities are nice including the lounge, with free k-cup drinks, nice gym, big TV viewing room, poker table and table soccer. great place to host a sunday football party. Granted I haven't been here long, and I will certainly post again further down the road good or bad... but so far... its great. I really don't understand the previous reviews. I lived at the Chesapeake from April 2008 to April 2010. It is a well maintained building, with great apartments and fantastic staff. The laundry rooms weren't "state of the art," but they were good enough. And they invested a lot in updating the lounge area, which was nice. Also, almost every maintenance request that I submitted was taken care of within 1 to 2 days...sometimes within a matter of hours. The only thing that really bites about it isn't the building itself, but its location. It's so far from everything that a young, single person wants to do (it takes AT LEAST 45 minutes to an hour to get downtown if you walk to the 96th street station and take the train; if you take a cab, it's almost always $20). And being so close to the 2nd Avenue subway construction SUCKS! However, if you're not a "going out" type, it's close enough to good stuff on the Upper East Side. Lots of basic amenities nearby too (i.e. grocery, drug stores, nail salons, decent restaurants, etc.). The East River Promenade is nearby too, so that's a plus if you're a jogger.I lived at the Chesapeake for three years with two other roommates in a converted 3-bedroom. Overall, I thought the building was great, the management was decent, and the neighborhood was okay. Pros: -Relatively big apartments. My friends would always comment on how huge our apartment was compared to theirs. They also would mention how cheap the rent was compared to their luxury apartments. -Friendly building. 90% of the building are up-and-coming young professionals. Our neighbors were always quite and respectful. -Quality common areas. Roof deck was great in the summer, decent gym and new laundry room. -Friendly door staff. After three years we got to know all of the doormen, and they were great. Cons: -Our rent went up $1000 in two years. Relatively absurd, but I guess this is Manhattan. -Kind of in the far reaches of the upper east side. Never once did I have a problem walking home at night (plenty of 4am returns) and I always felt safe. Its just a little far to the subway and far from the nightlife. -I live in a Glenwood property now, and there is a huge difference in quality between the two. The Chesapeake is certainly luxury, but its at a low level. There are higher quality buildings out there if you are willing to pay more. All in all, if you are young and a "baller on a budget" the Chesapeake is a great place to live. I never regret living there for 3-years, and either do my old roommates. I think people are being overly critical. I think it is a nice place to live. Yes it is expensive and a bit of hike to the train, but as a tradeoff you get a larger apartment than you will pay closer to Lex. The ameneties are similar to other buildings in the price range. The staff is very friendly. I have a dog and while using the service entrance is not as nice as walking right through the lobby, the doormen are very speedy about ringing you in. I am a female and have feel safe walking my dog at night. We looked at tons of places before deciding to live here. You really aren't going to find a nicer building that takes dogs in this price range on the east side.


